我	O	O
们	O	O
变	O	O
而	O	O
以	O	O
书	O	O
会	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
书	O	O
结	O	O
缘	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
欧	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
港	S-LOC	S-LOC
台	S-LOC	S-LOC
流	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
类	O	O
图	O	O
谱	O	O
、	O	O
画	O	O
册	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
书	O	O
汇	O	O
集	O	O
一	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
跟	O	O
踪	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
行	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
搜	O	O
集	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
书	O	O
刊	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
艺	O	O
的	O	O
捷	O	O
径	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
线	O	O
装	O	O
古	O	O
籍	O	O
逾	O	O
千	O	O
册	O	O
；	O	O
民	O	O
国	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
物	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
种	O	O
；	O	O
珍	O	O
本	O	O
四	O	O
册	O	O
、	O	O
稀	O	O
见	O	O
本	O	O
四	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
册	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
跨	O	O
越	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
木	O	O
交	O	O
柯	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
机	O	O
荣	O	O
欣	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
诗	O	O
人	O	O
句	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
入	O	O
画	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
之	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
驰	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
过	O	O
重	O	O
在	O	O
晋	O	O
趣	O	O
，	O	O
略	O	O
增	O	O
明	O	O
人	O	O
气	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
妙	O	O
在	O	O
集	O	O
古	O	O
有	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
露	O	O
痕	O	O
迹	O	O
罢	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
实	O	O
非	O	O
汉	O	O
非	O	O
唐	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
与	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

国	B-PER	O
正	E-PER	O
学	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
与	O	O
诗	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
读	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
是	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
大	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
茶	O	O
馆	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
旧	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
封	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
修	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
”	O	O
被	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

几	O	O
株	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
合	O	O
抱	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
榕	O	O
树	O	O
挡	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
烈	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
下	O	O
凉	O	O
风	O	O
拂	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
正	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
掏	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
轻	O	O
声	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
茶	O	O
不	O	O
卖	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
换	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
的	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O

沏	O	O
茶	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
杯	O	O
清	O	O
水	O	O
被	O	O
新	O	O
茶	O	O
的	O	O
细	O	O
芽	O	O
嫩	O	O
叶	O	O
染	O	O
绿	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
色	O	O
满	O	O
杯	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
香	O	O
幽	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O

和	O	O
往	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
明	O	O
节	O	O
刚	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
就	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
迢	O	O
迢	O	O
寄	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
采	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
雨	O	O
前	O	O
茶	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
名	O	O
叫	O	O
玉	B-LOC	B-LOC
峰	E-LOC	E-LOC
云	O	O
雾	O	O
茶	O	O
的	O	O
绿	O	O
茶	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
在	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	I-LOC
市	O	E-LOC
郊	O	O
的	O	O
玉	B-LOC	B-LOC
峰	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
麓	O	O
。	O	O

过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
会	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
左	O	O
手	O	O
握	O	O
住	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
盘	O	O
，	O	O
腾	O	O
出	O	O
右	O	O
手	O	O
从	O	O
身	O	O
后	O	O
摸	O	O
出	O	O
件	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
扔	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
啊	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
！	O	O

院	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
修	O	O
鞋	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
头	O	O
儿	O	O
见	O	O
我	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
翻	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
白	O	O
从	O	O
老	O	O
花	O	O
镜	O	O
的	O	O
镜	O	O
片	O	O
上	O	O
方	O	O
瞅	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
眼	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
哼	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
声	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
哟	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
还	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
啦	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

仅	O	O
仅	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
送	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
礼	O	O
节	O	O
就	O	O
多	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

喊	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
当	O	O
回	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

华	S-LOC	S-LOC
裔	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
韩	B-PER	B-PER
素	I-PER	I-PER
音	E-PER	E-PER
女	O	O
士	O	O
曾	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
大	B-LOC	O
足	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
大	B-LOC	O
足	I-LOC	O
石	I-LOC	O
窟	E-LOC	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
未	O	O
被	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
矿	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
知	O	O
名	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
石	B-PER	B-PER
川	I-PER	I-PER
一	I-PER	I-PER
成	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
曾	O	O
撰	O	O
文	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
宝	B-LOC	B-LOC
顶	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
佛	I-LOC	I-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
造	O	O
像	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
囊	O	O
括	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
目	O	O
瞪	O	O
口	O	O
呆	O	O
。	O	O

漫	O	O
游	O	O
佛	B-LOC	O
湾	E-LOC	O
还	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
市	O	O
俗	O	O
化	O	O
很	O	O
浓	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
贫	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
《	O	O
六	O	O
道	O	O
轮	O	O
回	O	O
图	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
融	O	O
儒	O	O
家	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
于	O	O
佛	O	O
教	O	O
教	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
恩	O	O
重	O	O
经	O	O
变	O	O
图	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
、	O	O
哲	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
锁	O	O
六	O	O
耗	O	O
图	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
佛	B-LOC	O
湾	E-LOC	O
最	O	O
具	O	O
传	O	O
奇	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
属	O	O
《	O	O
九	O	B-LOC
龙	O	I-LOC
浴	O	E-LOC
太	O	O
子	O	O
图	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
石	O	O
灰	O	O
岩	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
色	O	O
调	O	O
雕	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
九	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
张	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
嘴	O	O
，	O	O
汩	O	O
汩	O	O
泉	O	O
水	O	O
喷	O	O
泻	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
释	B-PER	O
迦	E-PER	O
太	O	O
子	O	O
浴	O	O
在	O	O
泉	O	O
下	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
望	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
崖	O	O
畔	O	O
藤	O	O
萝	O	O
重	O	O
绕	O	O
，	O	O
飞	O	O
泉	O	O
雾	O	O
气	O	O
腾	O	O
腾	O	O
，	O	O
九	O	O
龙	O	O
恍	O	O
如	O	O
从	O	O
云	O	O
中	O	O
飞	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
夺	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
千	O	O
手	O	O
千	O	O
姿	O	O
无	O	O
一	O	O
重	O	O
复	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
千	O	O
手	O	O
佛	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
美	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
蕴	O	O
最	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
龛	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
见	O	O
牧	O	O
牛	O	O
图	O	O
是	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
神	I-PER	I-PER
宗	E-PER	E-PER
时	O	O
，	O	O
官	O	O
拜	O	O
礼	B-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
郎	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
次	I-PER	I-PER
公	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
“	O	O
牧	O	O
牛	O	O
颂	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
龛	O	O
图	O	O
竟	O	O
有	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
来	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
记	O	O
载	O	O
宝	B-LOC	B-LOC
顶	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
沿	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
密	B-PER	O
宗	E-PER	O
史	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
七	O	O
通	O	O
碑	O	O
刻	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
题	O	O
记	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
则	O	O
和	O	O
两	O	O
座	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
舍	O	O
利	O	O
塔	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
折	O	O
射	O	O
出	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
夏	E-LOC	E-LOC
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
绚	O	O
丽	O	O
光	O	O
环	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
片	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
异	O	O
彩	O	O
纷	O	O
呈	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
画	O	O
册	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
还	O	O
附	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
盲	O	O
文	O	O
页	O	O
码	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
盲	O	O
童	O	O
画	O	O
集	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
很	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
装	O	O
饰	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

盲	O	O
童	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
知	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
靠	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
触	O	O
觉	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
触	O	O
摸	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
形	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
颜	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
盲	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
愿	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
孝	O	O
道	O	O
”	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
玩	O	O
笑	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
却	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
“	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

把	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
惯	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
副	O	O
模	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
被	O	O
砍	O	O
的	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
有	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
恶	O	O
痰	O	O
直	O	O
向	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
飞	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
：	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
们	O	O
望	O	O
子	O	O
成	O	O
龙	O	O
、	O	O
望	O	O
女	O	O
成	O	O
凤	O	O
太	O	O
过	O	O
心	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
失	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
龙	O	O
”	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
而	O	O
得	O	O
“	O	O
犬	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
凤	O	O
”	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
而	O	O
得	O	O
“	O	O
鸡	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
一	O	O
落	O	O
千	O	O
丈	O	O
，	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
岂	O	O
不	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
嘲	O	O
弄	O	O
？	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
唱	O	O
着	O	O
保	O	O
育	O	O
院	O	O
院	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
流	O	O
浪	O	O
行	O	O
乞	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
胸	O	O
脯	O	O
的	O	O
抚	O	O
慰	O	O
和	O	O
甘	O	O
甜	O	O
乳	O	O
汁	O	O
的	O	O
滋	O	O
养	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
渐	O	O
渐	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
那	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
珍	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O

于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
肃	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
应	O	O
和	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
呼	O	O
有	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O

十	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
金	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
朝	O	O
晖	O	O
沐	O	O
浴	O	O
着	O	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
的	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
随	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
人	O	O
登	O	O
上	O	O
汉	O	O
白	O	O
玉	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
，	O	O
迈	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
神	O	O
圣	O	O
的	O	O
殿	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O

体	O	O
疗	O	O
：	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
抗	O	O
病	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
病	O	O
症	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
危	O	O
及	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
会	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
仪	O	O
表	O	O
美	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
白	O	O
癜	O	O
风	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
病	O	O
症	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
也	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O

社	O	O
会	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
才	O	O
智	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
度	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
易	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
这	O	O
山	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
那	O	O
山	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
地	O	O
跳	O	O
槽	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
弄	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
中	O	O
悄	O	O
然	O	O
流	O	O
逝	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-ORG
京	I-LOC	I-ORG
市	E-LOC	I-ORG
怀	B-ORG	I-ORG
柔	I-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
畜	B-ORG	B-ORG
牧	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
驻	O	O
守	O	O
在	O	O
偏	O	O
远	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
武	B-ORG	B-ORG
警	I-ORG	I-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	I-ORG	I-ORG
十	I-ORG	I-ORG
支	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	I-ORG	I-ORG
十	I-ORG	I-ORG
四	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

他	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
还	O	O
为	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
农	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
扶	O	O
助	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

或	O	O
对	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
“	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
级	O	O
、	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
代	O	O
表	O	O
等	O	O
搞	O	O
一	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
栽	O	O
花	O	O
不	O	O
栽	O	O
刺	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
搞	O	O
拉	O	O
扯	O	O
吃	O	O
喝	O	O
，	O	O
称	O	O
兄	O	O
道	O	O
弟	O	O
。	O	O

还	O	O
未	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
暗	O	O
示	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
送	O	O
点	O	O
“	O	O
砖	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
可	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
引	O	O
来	O	O
“	O	O
玉	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
吃	O	O
点	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
点	O	O
土	O	O
特	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
索	O	O
、	O	O
拿	O	O
、	O	O
卡	O	O
、	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
“	O	O
输	O	O
氧	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
“	O	O
出	O	O
血	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
的	O	O
律	O	O
师	O	O
以	O	O
本	O	O
案	O	O
所	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
法	O	I-ORG
律	O	I-ORG
所	O	E-ORG
基	O	O
于	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
同	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
文	O	O
化	O	O
理	O	O
念	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
为	O	O
辩	O	O
护	O	O
基	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
法	O	O
律	O	O
应	O	O
如	O	O
其	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
容	O	O
纳	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

刚	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
玩	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
将	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
剪	O	O
彩	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
长	O	O
度	O	O
为	O	O
六	O	O
百	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
点	O	O
六	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
吉	B-ORG	B-LOC
尼	I-ORG	I-LOC
斯	E-ORG	E-LOC
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
巨	O	O
龙	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
零	O	O
八	O	O
种	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
风	O	O
味	O	O
小	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
嘉	O	O
宾	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
切	O	O
身	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
平	B-LOC	O
遥	E-LOC	O
古	O	O
城	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
能	O	O
泉	O	O
下	O	O
有	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
欣	O	O
慰	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
溥	B-PER	B-PER
杰	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

粉	O	O
碎	O	O
“	O	O
四	B-ORG	B-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
帮	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
辈	O	O
们	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
和	O	O
溥	B-PER	B-PER
杰	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

养	O	O
蜂	O	O
人	O	O
用	O	O
蜂	O	O
蜜	O	O
涂	O	O
抹	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
都	O	O
流	O	O
淌	O	O
着	O	O
蜂	O	O
蜜	O	O
的	O	O
甘	O	O
甜	O	O
和	O	O
芬	O	O
芳	O	O
。	O	O

踏	O	O
尽	O	O
冰	O	O
冷	O	O
的	O	O
霜	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
碾	O	O
碎	O	O
刺	O	O
骨	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
寒	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
过	O	O
冰	O	O
雪	O	O
弥	O	O
漫	O	O
的	O	O
禁	O	O
锢	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
三	O	O
月	O	O
芬	O	O
芳	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O

后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
听	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
弥	O	O
留	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
问	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
话	O	O
要	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
那	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
合	O	O
拢	O	O
的	O	O
嘴	O	O
唇	O	O
轻	O	O
轻	O	O
翕	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
断	O	O
断	O	O
续	O	O
续	O	O
的	O	O
音	O	O
节	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O

我	O	O
又	O	O
问	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
您	O	O
是	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
军	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
军	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
曲	O	O
吧	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

那	O	O
张	O	O
脸	O	O
的	O	O
右	O	O
边	O	O
脸	O	O
颊	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
深	O	O
凹	O	O
进	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
硕	O	O
大	O	O
伤	O	O
疤	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
这	O	O
伤	O	O
疤	O	O
的	O	O
牵	O	O
连	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
面	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
官	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
变	O	O
形	O	O
，	O	O
嘴	O	O
巴	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
合	O	O
拢	O	O
。	O	O

整	O	O
天	O	O
打	O	O
头	O	O
碰	O	O
脸	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
常	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
都	O	O
被	O	O
打	O	O
上	O	O
问	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
古	B-PER	B-LOC
阳	I-PER	E-LOC
关	E-PER	O
早	O	O
湮	O	O
没	O	O
，	O	O
遗	O	O
址	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
红	O	O
沙	O	O
岩	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
峰	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
矗	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
残	O	O
破	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
代	O	O
烽	O	O
燧	O	O
。	O	O

阳	B-LOC	O
关	E-LOC	O
在	O	O
敦	B-LOC	B-LOC
煌	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	O	B-LOC
南	O	E-LOC
相	O	O
距	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
沙	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
似	O	O
巨	O	O
佛	O	O
横	O	O
卧	O	O
。	O	O

主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
有	O	O
佛	O	O
像	O	O
、	O	O
佛	O	O
教	O	O
史	O	O
迹	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
变	O	O
、	O	O
神	O	O
话	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
养	O	O
人	O	O
等	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
景	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
描	O	O
绘	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
了	O	O
宋	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	E-LOC
走	I-LOC	O
廊	E-LOC	O
为	O	O
西	O	O
夏	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
敦	B-LOC	B-LOC
煌	E-LOC	E-LOC
废	O	O
弃	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
海	O	O
上	O	O
通	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
，	O	O
丝	B-LOC	O
绸	I-LOC	O
之	I-LOC	O
路	E-LOC	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
日	O	O
渐	O	O
衰	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O

山	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
愉	O	O
悦	O	O
。	O	O

仅	O	O
仅	O	O
一	O	O
冬	O	O
一	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
乡	O	O
被	O	O
洪	O	O
水	O	O
吞	O	O
没	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
酒	O	O
总	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
酿	O	O
酒	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
用	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
酒	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
红	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
仍	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

部	O	O
分	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
不	O	O
严	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
感	O	O
观	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
超	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
酒	O	O
精	O	O
度	O	O
与	O	O
标	O	O
注	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
原	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
干	O	O
红	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
既	O	O
无	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
无	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
无	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O

像	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
张	B-ORG	B-ORG
裕	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
就	O	O
足	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
包	O	O
圆	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
报	O	O
纸	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
干	O	O
红	O	O
葡	O	O
萄	O	O
酒	O	O
有	O	O
抗	O	O
癌	O	O
之	O	O
功	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
刻	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
国	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
干	O	O
红	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O

世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
划	O	O
分	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
每	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
为	O	O
普	O	O
速	O	O
；	O	O
每	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
及	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
为	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
。	O	O

何	O	O
为	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
？	O	O

也	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
京	B-LOC	B-LOC
沪	I-LOC	I-LOC
高	I-LOC	I-LOC
速	I-LOC	I-LOC
铁	I-LOC	I-LOC
路	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
碰	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
神	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
地	O	O
将	O	O
飞	O	O
驰	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
．	O	O
把	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
旧	O	O
货	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
旧	O	O
货	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O

低	O	O
廉	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
原	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
低	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

过	O	O
去	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
货	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
糊	O	O
口	O	O
去	O	O
卖	O	O
旧	O	O
货	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
缺	O	O
钱	O	O
去	O	O
买	O	O
旧	O	O
货	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
包	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O

商	O	O
店	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
两	O	O
类	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
类	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
得	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

八	O	O
只	O	O
死	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
蝴	O	O
蝶	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
恍	O	O
恍	O	O
惚	O	O
惚	O	O
飞	O	O
舞	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O

宋	O	O
代	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
诗	O	O
人	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
去	O	O
蝶	O	O
犹	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
蝶	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
已	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
惆	O	O
怅	O	O
心	O	O
绪	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
苦	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
蝶	O	O
之	O	O
亡	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
。	O	O

垃	O	O
圾	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
埋	O	O
葬	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
原	O	O
已	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
起	O	O
蝴	O	O
蝶	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
的	O	O
蝴	O	O
蝶	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
小	O	O
女	O	O
孩	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
：	O	O
给	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
爸	O	O
爸	O	O
捉	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
只	O	O
全	O	O
捉	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
早	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
院	O	O
落	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
在	O	O
捕	O	O
捉	O	O
这	O	O
蝴	O	O
蝶	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
逗	O	O
或	O	O
诱	O	O
惑	O	O
而	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
掠	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
无	O	O
异	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
残	O	O
忍	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
端	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
八	O	O
只	O	O
黑	O	O
的	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
在	O	O
翅	O	O
上	O	O
又	O	O
点	O	O
缀	O	O
着	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
黑	O	O
的	O	O
点	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
蝴	O	O
蝶	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
能	O	O
拼	O	O
凑	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
，	O	O
黑	O	O
白	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
极	O	O
似	O	O
有	O	O
黑	O	O
有	O	O
白	O	O
，	O	O
白	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
黑	O	O
，	O	O
黑	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
阴	O	O
阳	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
的	O	O
太	O	O
极	O	O
图	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

几	O	O
乎	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
上	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
《	B-ORG	O
东	I-ORG	B-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
越	B-ORG	B-ORG
秀	E-ORG	E-ORG
学	O	O
术	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
”	O	O
专	O	O
栏	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
演	O	O
讲	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O

胡	B-PER	B-PER
绳	E-PER	E-PER
曾	O	O
有	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
酒	O	O
逢	O	O
知	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
书	O	O
会	O	O
良	O	O
朋	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
越	B-ORG	O
秀	E-ORG	O
讲	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
该	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
塔	O	O
尖	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
学	O	O
人	O	O
与	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
费	B-PER	O
孝	I-PER	O
通	E-PER	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
四	O	O
次	O	O
光	O	O
临	O	O
越	B-ORG	O
秀	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
怪	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
借	O	O
用	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
书	O	O
名	O	O
来	O	O
形	O	O
容	O	O
“	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
重	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
任	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
费	B-PER	O
孝	I-PER	O
通	E-PER	O
到	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
考	O	O
察	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
开	O	O
在	O	O
酒	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
和	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
由	O	O
得	O	O
兴	O	O
致	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
地	O	O
执	O	O
意	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
环	O	O
绕	O	O
着	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
、	O	O
画	O	O
廊	O	O
、	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
聪	E-PER	E-PER
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
：	O	O
酒	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
妨	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
讲	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
聪	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
贵	O	O
宾	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
郑	B-ORG	B-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
越	I-ORG	I-ORG
秀	I-ORG	I-ORG
酒	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
越	B-ORG	O
秀	I-ORG	O
艺	I-ORG	O
苑	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
越	B-LOC	B-LOC
秀	I-LOC	I-LOC
书	I-LOC	I-LOC
店	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	O	O
业	O	O
典	O	O
礼	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
所	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
由	O	O
衷	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
温	O	O
馨	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
初	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
摇	O	O
摆	O	O
不	O	O
定	O	O
地	O	O
找	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
免	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
前	O	O
对	O	O
她	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
放	O	O
纵	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
合	O	O
适	O	O
的	O	O
框	O	O
子	O	O
把	O	O
她	O	O
框	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
晚	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
睡	O	O
下	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
对	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
叹	O	O
息	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
考	O	O
上	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
清	B-ORG	O
华	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

在	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
下	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
夸	O	O
奖	O	O
可	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
寥	O	O
若	O	O
晨	O	O
星	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
只	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
我	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
赏	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
抬	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
突	O	O
飞	O	O
猛	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
时	O	O
逢	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
革	O	O
”	O	O
劫	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
背	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
出	O	O
身	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
夹	O	O
了	O	O
尾	O	O
巴	O	O
做	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
长	O	O
女	O	O
的	O	O
我	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
与	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
肌	O	O
肤	O	O
之	O	O
亲	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
亲	O	O
吻	O	O
、	O	O
拥	O	O
抱	O	O
、	O	O
抚	O	O
摸	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
举	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
连	O	O
同	O	O
床	O	O
共	O	O
枕	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
偶	O	O
尔	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
便	O	O
会	O	O
浑	O	O
身	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
局	O	O
促	O	O
到	O	O
睡	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
觉	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
已	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
和	O	O
。	O	O

或	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
肉	O	O
体	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
被	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
撑	O	O
死	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
死	O	O
去	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
差	O	O
别	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

不	O	O
要	O	O
说	O	O
读	O	O
，	O	O
哪	O	O
怕	O	O
翻	O	O
一	O	O
遍	O	O
，	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
才	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
屋	O	O
宇	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
被	O	O
功	O	O
名	O	O
利	O	O
禄	O	O
的	O	O
算	O	O
计	O	O
充	O	O
斥	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
失	O	O
却	O	O
了	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
的	O	O
余	O	O
地	O	O
；	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
为	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
杂	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
霸	O	O
占	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
头	O	O
脑	O	O
和	O	O
世	O	O
事	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
丝	O	O
毫	O	O
的	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
也	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
走	O	O
到	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

谁	O	O
仅	O	O
隔	O	O
一	O	O
衣	O	O
带	O	O
水	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
则	O	O
背	O	O
井	O	O
离	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
故	O	O
别	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
映	O	O
照	O	O
出	O	O
当	O	O
初	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
样	O	O
谁	O	O
乡	O	O
愁	O	O
如	O	O
岩	O	O
忧	O	O
郁	O	O
浩	O	O
茫	O	O
将	O	O
炊	O	O
烟	O	O
搁	O	O
置	O	O
高	O	O
楼	O	O
很	O	O
久	O	O
很	O	O
久	O	O
谈	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
总	O	O
把	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
依	O	O
依	O	O
杨	O	O
柳	O	O
牵	O	O
进	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
谁	O	O
历	O	O
尽	O	O
了	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
和	O	O
沧	O	O
桑	O	O
仍	O	O
用	O	O
海	O	O
峡	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
把	O	O
馨	O	O
香	O	O
的	O	O
佳	O	O
期	O	O
寻	O	O
觅	O	O
一	O	O
遍	O	O
一	O	O
遍	O	O
地	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
重	O	O
见	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
期	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
里	O	O
流	O	O
着	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
已	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O

关	B-LOC	B-LOC
中	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
采	O	O
集	O	O
时	O	O
常	O	O
伴	O	O
少	O	O
许	O	O
嫩	O	O
叶	O	O
蒸	O	O
着	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
口	O	O
感	O	O
极	O	O
鲜	O	O
美	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
们	O	O
送	O	O
走	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
怨	O	O
沸	O	O
腾	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
裁	O	O
王	O	O
朝	O	O
，	O	O
载	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
众	O	O
望	O	O
所	O	O
归	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
生	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
未	O	O
及	O	O
到	O	O
五	O	O
勇	O	O
士	O	O
塔	O	O
前	O	O
留	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
勘	O	O
察	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
跳	O	O
崖	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O

云	O	O
天	O	O
一	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
碧	O	O
空	O	O
如	O	O
洗	O	O
，	O	O
红	O	O
日	O	O
偏	O	O
西	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
好	O	O
将	O	O
灿	O	O
烂	O	O
的	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
倾	O	O
洒	O	O
在	O	O
塔	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
灿	O	O
灿	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
。	O	O

几	O	O
座	O	O
刀	O	O
削	O	O
般	O	O
峭	O	O
然	O	O
耸	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
岩	O	O
峰	O	O
，	O	O
犬	O	O
齿	O	O
虎	O	O
牙	O	O
般	O	O
尖	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
凛	O	O
凛	O	O
地	O	O
直	O	O
刺	O	O
白	O	O
云	O	O
蓝	O	O
空	O	O
。	O	O

丁	O	O
丑	O	O
盛	O	O
夏	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
关	O	O
内	O	O
难	O	O
挨	O	O
的	O	O
酷	O	O
暑	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
狼	B-LOC	B-LOC
牙	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
下	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
周	O	B-PER
繁	O	I-PER
华	O	E-PER
，	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
幽	O	O
静	O	O
，	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
花	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
。	O	O

各	O	O
种	O	O
打	O	O
入	O	O
另	O	O
册	O	O
之	O	O
辈	O	O
，	O	O
流	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
此	O	O
矮	O	O
檐	O	O
栖	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O

桥	O	O
下	O	O
洪	O	O
灾	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
泛	O	O
滥	O	O
，	O	O
路	O	O
旁	O	O
棚	O	O
户	O	O
仍	O	O
旧	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
说	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
知	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
萧	O	O
瑟	O	O
秋	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O

三	O	O
大	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
三	O	O
章	O	O
约	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
蜀	S-LOC	O
中	O	O
父	O	O
老	O	O
箪	O	O
食	O	O
壶	O	O
浆	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
子	O	O
弟	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
不	O	O
灵	O	O
，	O	O
灾	O	O
不	O	O
消	O	O
，	O	O
哗	O	O
啦	O	O
啦	O	O
水	O	O
淹	O	O
庙	O	O
宇	O	O
，	O	O
黑	O	O
滔	O	O
滔	O	O
浪	O	O
打	O	O
慈	O	O
航	O	O
。	O	O

禁	O	O
城	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
同	O	O
蜈	O	O
蚣	O	O
，	O	O
街	O	O
似	O	O
虫	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
巷	O	O
如	O	O
虫	O	O
脚	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	B-LOC
渔	O	I-LOC
村	O	E-LOC
更	O	O
小	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
绿	B-LOC	B-LOC
杨	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
旧	O	O
址	O	O
三	B-LOC	B-LOC
洞	I-LOC	I-LOC
桥	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
五	O	O
○	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
以	O	O
优	O	O
异	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
新	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
五	O	O
十	O	O
华	O	O
诞	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
制	O	O
片	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
制	O	O
片	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
票	O	O
房	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
达	O	O
一	O	O
亿	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
七	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
、	O	O
样	O	O
式	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
，	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
绚	O	O
丽	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
法	O	O
新	O	O
颖	O	O
，	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
抒	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
2	O	O
位	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
是	O	O
果	O	O
农	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
果	O	O
园	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
的	O	O
果	O	O
园	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
片	O	O
山	O	O
水	O	O
林	O	O
田	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
强	O	O
劳	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

金	B-ORG	B-ORG
田	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
向	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
递	O	O
交	O	O
了	O	O
请	O	O
求	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
蔡	B-LOC	B-LOC
塘	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
“	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
书	O	O
”	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
就	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
：	O	O
没	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
到	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
后	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
走	O	O
下	O	O
坡	O	O
路	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
产	O	O
到	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
春	O	O
风	O	O
吹	O	O
到	O	O
蔡	B-LOC	O
塘	E-LOC	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
夏	B-PER	B-PER
财	I-PER	I-PER
兴	E-PER	E-PER
家	O	O
分	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
亩	O	O
田	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
亩	O	O
地	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
别	O	O
提	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
劳	O	O
力	O	O
又	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
勤	O	O
奋	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
愁	O	O
富	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
？	O	O

地	O	O
处	O	O
皖	S-LOC	O
南	O	O
丘	O	O
陵	O	O
黄	O	O
土	O	O
坡	O	O
的	O	O
芜	B-LOC	B-LOC
湖	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
三	B-LOC	B-LOC
元	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	I-LOC
鲁	B-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	I-LOC
蔡	B-LOC	I-LOC
塘	I-LOC	I-LOC
自	I-LOC	I-LOC
然	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
曾	O	O
流	O	O
传	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
乡	O	O
谣	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
种	O	O
山	O	O
芋	O	O
地	O	O
讨	O	O
山	O	O
芋	O	O
妻	O	O
，	O	O
吃	O	O
山	O	O
芋	O	O
饭	O	O
拉	O	O
山	O	O
芋	O	O
稀	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
1	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
自	O	O
愿	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
农	O	O
工	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
社	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
城	B-LOC	O
郊	I-LOC	O
乡	E-LOC	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
明	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
与	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
3	O	O
户	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
东	B-ORG	O
方	I-ORG	O
农	I-ORG	O
工	I-ORG	O
联	I-ORG	O
合	I-ORG	O
社	E-ORG	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
获	O	O
纯	O	O
利	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
单	O	O
产	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
两	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

质	O	O
量	O	O
型	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
型	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
让	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
好	O	O
、	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
优	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
；	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
卖	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
从	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
型	O	O
、	O	O
粗	O	O
放	O	O
型	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
型	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
卖	O	O
难	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
不	O	O
对	O	O
路	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
推	O	O
销	O	O
员	O	O
飞	O	O
离	O	O
此	O	O
岛	O	O
；	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
推	O	O
销	O	O
员	O	O
则	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
皮	O	O
鞋	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
分	O	O
头	O	O
在	O	O
岛	O	O
上	O	O
跑	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
圈	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
岛	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
穿	O	O
鞋	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
不	O	O
穿	O	O
鞋	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
没	O	O
鞋	O	O
穿	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
杂	O	O
谈	O	O
）	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
征	O	O
集	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
寄	O	O
语	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
愿	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
移	O	O
风	O	O
易	O	O
俗	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
待	O	O
客	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
排	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
铺	O	O
张	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
送	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
鞭	O	O
炮	O	O
声	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
给	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
肺	O	O
腑	O	O
之	O	O
言	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
亲	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
待	O	O
客	O	O
太	O	O
盛	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
真	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
受	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

心	O	O
想	O	O
这	O	O
下	O	O
可	O	O
该	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
料	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
又	O	O
摆	O	O
出	O	O
满	O	O
桌	O	O
糖	O	O
果	O	O
糕	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

进	O	O
了	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
之	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
杯	O	O
水	O	O
质	O	O
混	O	O
浊	O	O
的	O	O
浓	O	O
茶	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
碗	O	O
米	O	O
泡	O	O
糖	O	O
茶	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
子	O	O
以	O	O
四	O	O
教	O	O
：	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
忠	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
靠	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
靠	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
与	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
校	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
校	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
抓	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
方	O	O
设	O	O
法	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
中	O	O
考	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
都	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
丰	I-ORG	I-ORG
盛	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
校	O	O
长	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
铮	E-PER	E-PER
：	O	O
我	O	O
校	O	O
是	O	O
所	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
完	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
择	O	O
优	O	O
生	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
生	O	O
入	O	O
校	O	O
时	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
四	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
差	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
使	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
、	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

进	O	O
取	O	O
和	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
是	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
概	O	O
括	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
追	O	O
忆	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
逝	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
财	O	O
物	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
富	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
内	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
华	I-PER	I-PER
诚	E-PER	E-PER
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
情	O	O
操	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
私	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
，	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
尊	O	O
敬	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
少	O	O
先	O	O
队	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
三	O	O
级	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
婚	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
婚	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
招	B-PER	O
弟	E-PER	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
在	O	O
班	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
中	O	O
上	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
那	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
到	O	O
逢	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
总	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
她	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
住	O	O
上	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
金	I-PER	I-PER
兰	E-PER	E-PER
转	O	O
业	O	O
到	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
八	O	O
”	O	O
红	O	O
旗	O	O
手	O	O
、	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
军	O	O
属	O	O
。	O	O

陕	B-ORG	B-LOC
西	I-ORG	I-LOC
省	I-ORG	E-LOC
铜	I-ORG	B-ORG
川	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
位	O	O
叫	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
宝	I-PER	I-PER
玲	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
赊	O	O
账	O	O
购	O	O
置	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
护	O	O
理	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

擦	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
洗	O	O
车	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
既	O	O
脏	O	O
又	O	O
累	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
擦	O	O
洗	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
车	O	O
仅	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
地	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
到	O	O
：	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
要	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
择	O	O
业	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
消	O	O
极	O	O
地	O	O
待	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
要	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
门	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
田	B-PER	B-PER
晚	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
心	O	O
扑	O	O
在	O	O
卖	O	O
鞋	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
中	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
前	O	O
茅	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
也	O	O
给	O	O
她	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O

田	B-PER	B-PER
晚	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
原	O	O
是	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
缝	I-ORG	I-ORG
纫	I-ORG	I-ORG
机	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	I-ORG	I-ORG
板	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	I-ORG	E-ORG
计	I-ORG	O
量	I-ORG	O
室	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
“	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
下	O	O
海	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
一	O	O
字	O	O
之	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
却	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
择	O	O
业	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
五	O	O
荒	O	O
”	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
平	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	B-LOC
部	O	I-LOC
山	O	I-LOC
区	O	E-LOC
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
甸	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

平	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
因	O	O
地	O	O
处	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
行	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
余	O	O
脉	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
山	O	O
势	O	O
渐	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
得	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
素	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
八	O	O
山	O	O
一	O	O
水	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
田	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
称	O	O
。	O	O

西	B-LOC	B-LOC
柏	I-LOC	I-LOC
坡	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
荒	O	O
山	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
平	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
向	O	O
荒	O	O
山	O	O
要	O	O
田	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
荒	O	O
山	O	O
要	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
缩	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
像	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
自	O	O
发	O	O
地	O	O
闹	O	O
起	O	O
大	O	O
包	O	O
干	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
可	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
伤	O	O
透	O	O
了	O	O
脑	O	O
筋	O	O
。	O	O

又	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
化	O	O
妆	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
名	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
欠	O	O
他	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
货	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
请	O	O
中	O	O
队	O	O
派	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
陪	O	O
他	O	O
去	O	O
收	O	O
欠	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O

中	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
武	B-ORG	B-ORG
警	E-ORG	E-ORG
战	O	O
士	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
搞	O	O
有	O	O
偿	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
事	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
干	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
放	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
由	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
行	O	O
情	O	O
来	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
两	O	O
种	O	O
提	O	O
价	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
为	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
而	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
过	O	O
高	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

显	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
打	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
6	O	O
折	O	O
，	O	O
书	O	O
商	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
可	O	O
图	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
俭	B-LOC	O
汤	E-LOC	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
安	B-LOC	B-LOC
波	I-LOC	I-LOC
汤	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
。	O	O

曾	O	O
经	O	O
去	O	O
过	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-LOC
圳	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
珠	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
俭	B-LOC	O
汤	E-LOC	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
回	O	O
乡	O	O
后	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
深	O	O
长	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
从	O	O
南	O	O
往	O	O
北	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
走	O	O
越	O	O
保	O	O
守	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

鸟	O	O
浴	O	O
啁	O	O
啾	O	O
，	O	O
俭	B-LOC	B-LOC
汤	E-LOC	E-LOC
空	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
滋	O	O
味	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
村	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
属	O	O
辽	S-LOC	O
南	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
村	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
男	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
女	O	O
都	O	O
洗	O	O
露	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
个	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
浴	O	O
池	O	O
进	O	O
屋	O	O
洗	O	O
汤	O	O
子	O	O
吧	O	O
！	O	O

国	O	O
家	O	O
水	O	O
文	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
测	O	O
定	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
龙	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	I-LOC	I-LOC
汤	E-LOC	E-LOC
属	O	O
于	O	O
高	O	O
温	O	O
热	O	O
矿	O	O
泉	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
沐	O	O
浴	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
好	O	O
去	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

长	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
两	O	O
岸	O	O
有	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
三	B-LOC	O
峡	E-LOC	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
外	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	E-LOC	E-LOC
去	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
半	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
客	O	O
船	O	O
却	O	O
要	O	O
5	O	O
天	O	O
4	O	O
夜	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
船	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
慢	O	O
的	O	O
劣	O	O
势	O	O
分	O	O
外	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
沿	O	O
江	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
崛	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
沿	O	O
江	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
。	O	O

过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
天	O	O
春	O	O
运	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
连	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
自	O	O
营	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
微	O	O
弱	O	O
已	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
本	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
流	O	O
失	O	O
；	O	O
更	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
衰	O	O
退	O	O
，	O	O
业	O	O
内	O	O
行	O	O
家	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
商	O	O
厦	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
得	O	O
像	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
集	O	O
市	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
位	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
邮	O	O
电	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
是	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
最	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
得	O	O
益	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
取	O	O
初	O	O
装	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
（	O	O
初	O	O
装	O	O
费	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
约	O	O
占	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O

按	O	O
照	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
、	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
在	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
或	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
新	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
下	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
从	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
分	O	O
离	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
划	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
曾	B-PER	B-PER
培	I-PER	I-PER
炎	E-PER	E-PER
●	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
每	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
万	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
年	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
尺	O	O
幅	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
傅	B-PER	B-PER
抱	I-PER	I-PER
石	E-PER	E-PER
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
收	O	O
藏	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
被	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
连	I-ORG	I-ORG
万	I-ORG	I-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
宝	I-ORG	I-ORG
斋	E-ORG	E-ORG
收	O	O
藏	O	O
。	O	O

艺	O	O
术	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
以	O	O
三	B-LOC	O
峡	E-LOC	O
人	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
豪	O	O
放	O	O
、	O	O
朴	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
颖	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
手	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
和	O	O
歌	O	O
声	O	O
与	O	O
三	B-LOC	O
峡	E-LOC	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
风	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
传	O	O
说	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
土	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
融	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
场	O	O
演	O	O
唱	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
众	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
重	O	O
温	O	O
苏	B-PER	O
芮	E-PER	O
的	O	O
早	O	O
期	O	O
成	O	O
名	O	O
作	O	O
《	O	O
酒	O	O
干	O	O
倘	O	O
卖	O	O
无	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
月	O	O
光	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
请	O	O
跟	O	O
我	O	O
来	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
广	O	O
为	O	O
传	O	O
唱	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
跟	O	O
着	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
走	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
再	O	O
回	O	O
首	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
亲	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
牵	O	O
手	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
》	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
近	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
居	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
触	O	O
与	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
仍	O	O
像	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
男	O	O
孩	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
老	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
：	O	O
荣	O	O
耀	O	O
再	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
皆	O	O
成	O	O
往	O	O
事	O	O
；	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
把	O	O
舞	O	O
步	O	O
跳	O	O
向	O	O
崎	O	O
岖	O	O
的	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
诱	O	O
人	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
像	O	O
他	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
精	O	O
于	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
舞	O	O
、	O	O
芭	O	O
蕾	O	O
舞	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
身	O	O
跨	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
栖	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
实	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
年	O	O
近	O	O
不	O	O
惑	O	O
却	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
赵	B-PER	O
明	E-PER	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
憨	O	O
外	O	O
秀	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
智	O	O
敏	O	O
过	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

论	O	O
人	O	O
缘	O	O
，	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
舞	O	O
蹈	O	O
界	O	O
有	O	O
口	O	O
皆	O	O
碑	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
愿	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	I-LOC	I-LOC
现	I-LOC	I-LOC
代	I-LOC	I-LOC
文	I-LOC	I-LOC
学	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
能	O	O
够	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
她	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
矜	O	O
持	O	O
庄	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
心	O	O
目	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
殿	O	O
堂	O	O
。	O	O

也	O	O
许	O	O
从	O	O
落	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
又	O	O
将	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
和	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
处	O	O
则	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
坛	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
况	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
一	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
三	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
型	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
瓷	O	O
瓶	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
永	O	O
久	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
置	O	O
于	O	O
文	B-LOC	B-LOC
学	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
厅	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
刻	O	O
有	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
余	O	O
位	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
作	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
笔	O	O
签	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
由	O	O
三	O	O
层	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
两	O	O
翼	O	O
的	O	O
辅	O	O
助	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
配	O	O
以	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
庭	O	O
院	O	O
式	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
流	O	O
连	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
与	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
坛	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
宿	O	O
泰	O	O
斗	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

按	O	O
照	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
、	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
馆	O	O
、	O	O
作	O	B-LOC
家	O	I-LOC
博	O	I-LOC
物	O	I-LOC
馆	O	E-LOC
等	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
总	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
一	O	O
万	O	O
四	O	O
千	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
五	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
国	O	O
庆	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
启	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
馆	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
北	B-LOC	O
四	I-LOC	O
环	I-LOC	O
东	I-LOC	O
路	E-LOC	O
南	O	O
侧	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
亩	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
达	O	O
三	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
后	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
最	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
博	O	O
物	O	O
馆	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
此	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
席	O	O
草	O	O
深	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
做	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
户	O	O
到	O	O
安	B-LOC	B-LOC
徽	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
购	O	O
进	O	O
中	O	O
高	O	O
档	O	O
编	O	O
织	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
聘	O	O
请	O	O
织	O	O
席	O	O
能	O	O
匠	O	O
办	O	O
班	O	O
传	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
花	O	O
色	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
麻	O	O
线	O	O
席	O	O
扩	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
银	O	O
边	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
丝	O	O
席	O	O
等	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
个	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
席	B-ORG	O
草	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
贩	O	O
运	O	O
大	O	O
户	O	O
外	O	O
销	O	O
到	O	O
福	B-LOC	B-LOC
建	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
省	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
闯	O	O
进	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
身	O	O
价	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
四	O	O
五	O	O
倍	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
种	O	O
草	O	O
织	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
乡	O	O
席	O	O
草	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
。	O	O

搞	O	O
好	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
畜	O	O
牧	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
和	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
草	O	O
畜	O	O
”	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
是	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
是	O	O
主	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
牧	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
是	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O

家	O	O
庭	O	O
牧	O	O
场	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
牧	O	O
户	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
为	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
集	O	O
约	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
实	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
三	O	O
部	O	O
曲	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
牧	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O

几	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
省	O	O
牧	O	O
区	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
沿	O	O
袭	O	O
逐	O	O
水	O	O
草	O	O
而	O	O
居	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
游	O	O
牧	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
天	O	O
养	O	O
畜	O	O
，	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
畜	O	O
无	O	O
棚	O	O
圈	O	O
、	O	O
冬	O	O
无	O	O
贮	O	O
草	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
无	O	O
”	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
喃	O	O
喃	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
本	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
供	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
种	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
干	O	O
活	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
买	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
挣	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
出	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

她	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
比	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
强	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
4	O	O
只	O	O
鸡	O	O
、	O	O
羊	O	O
羔	O	O
、	O	O
猪	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
和	O	O
鸭	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
距	O	O
村	O	O
四	O	O
五	O	O
里	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
“	O	O
买	O	O
”	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
营	O	O
农	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
5	O	O
亩	O	O
河	O	O
滩	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
租	O	O
期	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
块	O	O
钱	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
好	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
能	O	O
赚	O	O
到	O	O
五	O	O
六	O	O
百	O	O
块	O	O
钱	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

进	O	O
入	O	O
正	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
昏	O	O
暗	O	O
的	O	O
卧	O	O
室	O	O
与	O	O
外	O	O
面	O	O
春	O	O
光	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
反	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
好	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
才	O	O
看	O	O
清	O	O
屋	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
床	O	O
大	O	O
炕	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
额	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
什	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
电	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
唯	O	O
独	O	O
两	O	O
幅	O	O
三	O	O
好	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
奖	O	O
状	O	O
悬	O	O
在	O	O
正	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
，	O	O
煞	O	O
是	O	O
夺	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
她	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
地	O	O
转	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
圈	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
是	O	O
失	O	O
修	O	O
多	O	O
时	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
间	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
边	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
空	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
盖	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
达	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
按	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
组	O	O
分	O	O
头	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O

陪	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
虞	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
位	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
乔	B-LOC	B-LOC
庄	E-LOC	E-LOC
及	O	O
乔	B-LOC	O
庄	E-LOC	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
虞	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
的	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
果	O	O
子	O	O
过	O	O
剩	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
种	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
准	O	O
儿	O	O
赚	O	O
钱	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

这	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
季	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
都	O	O
到	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
安	B-LOC	B-LOC
徽	E-LOC	E-LOC
砀	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
打	O	O
零	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
果	O	O
树	O	O
授	O	O
粉	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
全	O	O
靠	O	O
种	O	O
果	O	O
木	O	O
盖	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
洋	O	O
楼	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
痒	O	O
痒	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
别	O	O
提	O	O
多	O	O
眼	O	O
馋	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
九	I-PER	I-PER
信	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
6	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
龄	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
八	B-ORG	B-ORG
路	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
过	O	O
虞	B-LOC	O
城	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
就	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
挣	O	O
钱	O	O
换	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
填	O	O
肚	O	O
皮	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
8	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
付	I-PER	I-PER
存	E-PER	E-PER
去	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
砖	O	O
窑	O	O
上	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

三	O	O
间	O	O
窄	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
低	O	O
矮	O	O
得	O	O
抬	O	O
脚	O	O
即	O	O
可	O	O
跨	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
围	O	O
墙	O	O
，	O	O
凹	O	O
凸	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
院	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
只	O	O
瘦	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
羊	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
头	O	O
猪	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
眼	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
灰	O	O
黄	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
调	O	O
。	O	O

细	O	O
听	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
帮	O	O
乔	B-LOC	B-LOC
庄	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
打	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
眼	O	O
机	O	O
井	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O

村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
把	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
成	O	O
粉	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
期	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O

虽	O	O
是	O	O
瓦	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
墙	O	O
壁	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
是	O	O
窟	O	O
窿	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
冬	O	O
季	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
抵	O	O
御	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
间	O	O
小	O	O
屋	O	O
子	O	O
还	O	O
接	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
间	O	O
坯	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
是	O	O
茅	O	O
草	O	O
屋	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
灶	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
黑	O	O
漆	O	O
漆	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
都	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
是	O	O
棚	O	O
屋	O	O
，	O	O
床	O	O
铺	O	O
是	O	O
玉	O	O
米	O	O
秸	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
旧	O	O
被	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O

离	O	O
曹	B-PER	B-PER
翠	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
家	O	O
不	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
孤	O	O
零	O	O
零	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
是	O	O
曹	B-PER	B-PER
翠	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
公	O	O
公	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

曹	B-PER	B-PER
翠	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
家	O	O
在	O	O
乔	B-LOC	B-LOC
庄	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
旷	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
间	O	O
大	O	O
瓦	O	O
房	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
还	O	O
过	O	O
得	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
院	O	O
子	O	O
中	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
值	O	O
钱	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
年	O	O
久	O	O
失	O	O
修	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
拖	O	O
拉	O	O
机	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
车	O	O
厢	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
冬	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
深	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
叫	O	O
洪	B-PER	O
顺	E-PER	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
孩	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
感	O	O
冒	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
发	O	O
高	O	O
烧	O	O
，	O	O
昏	O	O
迷	O	O
不	O	O
醒	O	O
，	O	O
王	S-PER	S-PER
大	O	O
娘	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
体	O	O
弱	O	O
多	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
躯	O	O
背	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
深	O	O
一	O	O
脚	O	O
，	O	O
浅	O	O
一	O	O
脚	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
奔	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
这	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
王	S-PER	S-PER
大	O	O
娘	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
睡	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
安	O	O
稳	O	O
觉	O	O
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
王	S-PER	S-PER
大	O	O
娘	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
已	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
拮	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
欠	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
笔	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
王	S-PER	S-PER
大	O	O
娘	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
缠	O	O
身	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
垂	O	O
危	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
话	O	O
没	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
全	O	O
收	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
的	O	O
腰	O	O
后	O	O
面	O	O
长	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
馒	O	O
头	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
肉	O	O
瘤	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
脊	O	O
膜	O	O
膨	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
动	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O

每	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
是	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
登	I-PER	I-PER
仁	E-PER	E-PER
受	O	O
贿	O	O
的	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
时	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
发	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
行	O	O
贿	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
登	I-PER	I-PER
仁	E-PER	E-PER
最	O	O
乐	O	O
意	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
使	O	O
耿	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
军	E-PER	E-PER
如	O	O
愿	O	O
以	O	O
偿	O	O
，	O	O
坐	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
副	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

袁	S-PER	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
到	O	O
县	B-ORG	B-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
黄	S-PER	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
变	O	O
动	O	O
我	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
站	O	O
好	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
班	O	O
岗	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
袁	B-PER	B-PER
茂	I-PER	I-PER
堂	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
黄	S-PER	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
又	O	O
把	O	O
两	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
放	O	O
进	O	O
黄	S-PER	O
的	O	O
抽	O	O
屉	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
袁	B-PER	B-PER
茂	I-PER	I-PER
堂	E-PER	E-PER
借	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
登	I-PER	I-PER
仁	E-PER	E-PER
儿	O	O
子	O	O
考	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
之	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
黄	S-PER	S-PER
送	O	O
去	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
黄	S-PER	O
退	O	O
回	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
以	O	O
权	O	O
谋	O	O
私	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
贪	O	O
婪	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
疯	O	O
狂	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

省	B-ORG	B-ORG
纪	I-ORG	I-ORG
检	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
此	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
调	I-ORG	I-ORG
查	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	E-ORG	E-ORG
进	O	O
驻	O	O
沭	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

至	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
买	O	O
官	O	O
卖	O	O
官	O	O
、	O	O
以	O	O
权	O	O
谋	O	O
私	O	O
的	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-ORG
苏	I-LOC	I-ORG
省	E-LOC	I-ORG
宿	B-ORG	I-ORG
迁	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
级	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
罪	O	O
判	O	O
处	O	O
原	O	O
宿	B-LOC	B-LOC
迁	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
登	I-PER	I-PER
仁	E-PER	E-PER
有	O	O
期	O	O
徒	O	O
刑	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
到	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
牌	O	O
点	O	O
将	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
既	O	O
跑	O	O
得	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
能	O	O
停	O	O
得	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
；	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
既	O	O
上	O	O
得	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
下	O	O
得	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

而	O	O
且	O	O
，	O	O
站	O	O
牌	O	O
在	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
尽	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
过	O	O
密	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
过	O	O
稀	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
时	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
应	O	O
在	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
最	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
给	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
运	O	O
营	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
站	O	O
点	O	O
也	O	O
与	O	O
公	O	O
交	O	O
车	O	O
站	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
把	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
拿	O	O
来	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
先	O	O
审	O	O
视	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
若	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
机	O	O
立	O	O
断	O	O
刹	O	O
车	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
。	O	O

游	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
免	O	O
抱	O	O
怨	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
早	O	O
知	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
迢	O	O
迢	O	O
来	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
干	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
云	B-LOC	O
霄	E-LOC	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
夜	O	O
校	O	O
破	O	O
例	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
小	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
凌	B-PER	O
然	E-PER	O
对	O	O
养	O	O
龟	O	O
是	O	O
着	O	O
迷	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
入	O	O
道	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
养	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
只	O	O
龟	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
可	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

农	O	O
庄	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
养	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
龟	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
或	O	O
深	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
提	O	O
议	O	O
将	O	O
原	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
用	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
排	O	O
站	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
筹	O	O
资	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
泵	O	O
站	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
那	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
与	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
副	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
商	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
预	O	O
告	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
信	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
位	O	O
县	O	O
长	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
掏	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

沙	B-LOC	O
矶	I-LOC	O
头	I-LOC	O
村	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

曾	O	O
任	O	O
湖	B-LOC	B-ORG
北	E-LOC	I-ORG
钟	B-ORG	I-ORG
祥	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
。	O	O

增	O	O
加	O	O
开	O	O
馆	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
、	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
入	O	O
馆	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
开	O	O
架	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
设	O	O
阅	O	O
览	O	O
座	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
图	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
着	O	O
实	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

来	O	O
自	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
赠	O	O
阅	O	O
不	O	O
堪	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
拿	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O

库	O	O
内	O	O
保	O	O
安	O	O
、	O	O
防	O	O
灾	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
精	O	O
良	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
单	O	O
独	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
恒	O	O
温	O	O
、	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
—	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
湿	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
石	B-ORG	B-ORG
田	I-ORG	I-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
四	I-ORG	I-ORG
郎	I-ORG	I-ORG
救	I-ORG	I-ORG
援	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
募	O	O
捐	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
募	O	O
捐	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
款	O	O
项	O	O
被	O	O
用	O	O
来	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
那	O	O
些	O	O
纯	O	O
朴	O	O
、	O	O
善	O	O
良	O	O
的	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
津	B-PER	B-ORG
田	I-PER	I-ORG
康	I-PER	I-ORG
道	E-PER	I-ORG
特	O	I-ORG
意	O	I-ORG
随	O	I-ORG
播	B-ORG	I-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
友	I-ORG	I-ORG
好	I-ORG	I-ORG
访	I-ORG	I-ORG
问	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
来	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

一	O	O
位	O	O
叫	O	O
津	B-PER	B-PER
田	I-PER	I-PER
康	I-PER	I-PER
道	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
端	O	O
详	O	O
着	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
看	O	O
越	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
像	O	O
他	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
石	B-PER	B-PER
田	I-PER	I-PER
东	I-PER	I-PER
四	I-PER	I-PER
郎	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
访	B-ORG	O
问	I-ORG	O
团	E-ORG	O
将	O	O
“	O	O
小	B-PER	B-PER
门	I-PER	I-PER
野	I-PER	I-PER
郎	E-PER	E-PER
”	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
片	O	O
带	O	O
回	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
在	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
的	O	O
醒	O	O
目	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
公	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
兵	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
偏	O	O
瘫	O	O
症	O	O
，	O	O
卧	O	O
床	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
摸	O	O
了	O	O
摸	O	O
怀	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
粮	O	O
袋	O	O
，	O	O
掏	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
窝	O	O
窝	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
桩	O	O
往	O	O
事	O	O
给	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
答	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
旅	I-ORG	I-ORG
游	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
司	O	O
长	O	O
魏	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
安	E-PER	E-PER
摇	O	O
头	O	O
苦	O	O
笑	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
有	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

需	O	O
求	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
指	O	O
对	O	O
拉	O	O
动	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
净	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O

又	O	O
是	O	O
被	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
法	O	O
官	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
让	O	O
邮	B-ORG	B-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
如	O	O
何	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
？	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
联	B-ORG	O
通	E-ORG	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
尚	O	O
不	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
信	E-ORG	I-ORG
与	O	I-ORG
联	B-ORG	E-ORG
通	E-ORG	O
纠	O	O
葛	O	O
等	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
曲	O	O
折	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
电	O	O
信	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
明	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O

前	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
民	B-ORG	O
航	E-ORG	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
；	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
也	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

原	O	O
因	O	O
很	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
：	O	O
想	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
此	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
别	O	O
无	O	O
分	O	O
店	O	O
。	O	O

山	B-LOC	B-ORG
东	E-LOC	I-ORG
济	B-LOC	I-ORG
南	E-LOC	I-ORG
沈	B-PER	I-ORG
洪	I-PER	I-ORG
嘉	E-PER	I-ORG
看	O	E-ORG
不	O	O
过	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
书	O	O
报	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
“	O	O
起	O	O
诉	O	O
邮	B-ORG	B-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
者	O	O
逾	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
理	O	O
应	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
邮	B-ORG	B-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
好	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
话	O	O
费	O	O
骤	O	O
减	O	O
至	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
歌	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
舞	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
芭	I-ORG	I-ORG
蕾	I-ORG	I-ORG
舞	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
日	O	O
前	O	O
将	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
三	O	O
幕	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
海	O	O
盗	O	O
》	O	O
搬	O	O
上	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
歌	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
舞	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
芭	I-ORG	I-ORG
蕾	I-ORG	I-ORG
舞	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
上	O	O
演	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
三	O	O
幕	O	O
舞	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
海	O	O
盗	O	O
》	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O

这	O	O
难	O	O
道	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
思	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

贵	O	O
报	O	O
四	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
『	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
地	I-ORG	I-ORG
周	I-ORG	I-ORG
刊	E-ORG	E-ORG
』	O	O
刊	O	O
登	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
可	O	O
惜	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
无	O	O
徽	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
》	O	O
一	O	O
文	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
得	O	O
太	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

重	O	O
温	O	O
友	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
来	O	O
与	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
巴	B-PER	B-PER
金	E-PER	E-PER
生	O	O
存	O	O
着	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
译	O	O
文	O	O
全	O	O
集	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
跋	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
曹	B-PER	B-PER
禺	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
怀	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
占	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
将	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
篇	O	O
《	O	O
怀	O	O
念	O	O
曹	B-PER	B-PER
禺	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
直	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B-PER	B-PER
金	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
这	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
而	O	O
焦	O	O
虑	O	O
。	O	O

读	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
岁	O	O
高	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
还	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
活	O	O
跃	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
用	O	O
笔	O	O
倾	O	O
诉	O	O
着	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

似	O	O
乎	O	O
想	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
留	O	O
恋	O	O
的	O	O
往	O	O
事	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O

家	B-PER	B-PER
宝	E-PER	E-PER
小	O	O
我	O	O
六	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
会	O	O
活	O	O
得	O	O
比	O	O
我	O	O
长	O	O
久	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
想	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
杭	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
期	O	O
待	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
聚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
因	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
家	B-PER	B-PER
宝	E-PER	E-PER
没	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

听	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
靠	O	O
安	O	O
眠	O	O
药	O	O
度	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
很	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
便	O	O
都	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
牛	O	O
棚	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
靳	B-PER	O
以	E-PER	O
在	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
创	O	O
刊	O	O
《	O	O
文	B-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
季	I-ORG	O
刊	E-ORG	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
家	B-PER	B-PER
宝	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
连	O	O
载	O	O
四	O	O
幕	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
日	O	O
出	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
旅	O	O
居	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
在	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
看	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
留	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
雷	O	O
雨	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
雷	O	O
雨	O	O
》	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
剧	O	O
团	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
搬	O	O
上	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O

话	O	O
很	O	O
平	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
多	O	O
说	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
颤	O	O
抖	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
捏	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
笔	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
和	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
泪	O	O
咽	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
肚	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
灿	O	O
烂	O	O
的	O	O
阳	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
‘	O	O
紫	B-ORG	O
禁	I-ORG	O
城	E-ORG	O
’	O	O
加	O	O
把	O	O
劲	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O

两	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
和	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
促	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
紫	B-ORG	B-ORG
禁	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
议	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
紫	B-ORG	B-ORG
禁	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
和	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
被	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
邀	O	O
”	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
广	B-ORG	B-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
“	O	O
紫	B-ORG	B-ORG
禁	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
再	O	O
告	O	O
诫	O	O
他	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
紫	B-ORG	B-ORG
禁	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
铺	O	O
摊	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
搞	O	O
重	O	O
复	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
而	O	O
全	O	O
；	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
和	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
带	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
紫	B-ORG	B-ORG
禁	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
走	O	O
入	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
会	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
紫	B-ORG	B-ORG
禁	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
和	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
更	O	O
深	O	O
切	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
肩	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
量	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O

应	O	O
运	O	O
而	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
紫	B-ORG	B-ORG
禁	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
从	O	O
她	O	O
呱	O	O
呱	O	O
坠	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
天	O	O
起	O	O
就	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
和	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
议	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
电	O	O
影	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
里	O	O
程	O	O
碑	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
《	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
雷	B-PER	B-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
》	O	O
刚	O	O
投	O	O
拍	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
套	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
策	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
紧	O	O
锣	O	O
密	O	O
鼓	O	O
地	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
片	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

影	O	O
片	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
和	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
珠	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
又	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
后	O	O
期	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
车	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
边	O	O
看	O	O
样	O	O
片	O	O
边	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
“	O	O
紫	B-ORG	B-ORG
禁	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
他	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
出	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
加	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

制	O	O
片	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
脱	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
上	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
上	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
着	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
电	O	O
影	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
里	O	O
曾	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
生	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
厚	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
如	O	O
初	O	O
春	O	O
“	O	O
草	O	O
色	O	O
遥	O	O
看	O	O
近	O	O
却	O	O
无	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
乍	O	O
暖	O	O
还	O	O
寒	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
脚	O	O
步	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
远	O	O
处	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
响	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
“	O	O
紫	B-ORG	B-ORG
禁	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
电	O	O
影	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
低	O	O
谷	O	O
尚	O	O
需	O	O
时	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
富	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
电	O	O
影	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
滑	O	O
坡	O	O
中	O	O
“	O	O
止	O	O
跌	O	O
企	O	O
稳	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
入	O	O
“	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
通	O	O
道	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
有	O	O
9	O	O
名	O	O
镇	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
因	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
政	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
被	O	O
扣	O	O
发	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
；	O	O
6	O	O
名	O	O
镇	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
被	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O

应	O	O
该	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
仍	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
应	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O

分	O	O
散	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
化	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
买	O	O
断	O	O
路	O	O
沟	O	O
堤	O	O
渠	O	O
植	O	O
树	O	O
权	O	O
近	O	O
百	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
8	O	O
7	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
植	O	O
树	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
株	O	O
。	O	O

尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
菇	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
月	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
庆	E-PER	E-PER
每	O	O
天	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
2	O	O
时	O	O
多	O	O
起	O	O
床	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
采	O	O
摘	O	O
。	O	O

特	O	O
色	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
唱	O	O
重	O	O
头	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
销	O	O
等	O	O
涉	O	O
农	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

回	O	O
顾	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
井	B-LOC	O
陉	E-LOC	O
人	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
：	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
。	O	O

高	B-LOC	B-LOC
升	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
棚	O	O
与	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
对	O	O
接	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

秋	O	O
后	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
棚	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
由	O	O
纸	O	O
片	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
到	O	O
田	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
了	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
因	O	O
势	O	O
利	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
把	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
由	O	O
庭	O	O
院	O	O
扣	O	O
到	O	O
大	O	O
田	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

镇	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
：	O	O
棚	O	O
菜	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
大	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
跳	O	O
出	O	O
小	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
圈	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
必	O	O
能	O	O
拉	O	O
动	O	O
棚	O	O
菜	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O

农	O	O
民	O	O
扣	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
算	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
账	O	O
：	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
1	O	O
亩	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
粮	O	O
同	O	O
种	O	O
菜	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
相	O	O
差	O	O
二	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
间	O	O
有	O	O
种	O	O
耐	O	O
人	O	O
寻	O	O
味	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
：	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
医	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
护	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
林	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
英	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
双	O	O
眼	O	O
视	O	O
力	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
也	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
到	O	O
0	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

愿	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
天	O	O
空	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
而	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
地	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O

没	O	O
有	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
于	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
县	O	O
乡	O	O
残	O	O
联	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
伸	O	O
出	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
之	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

尹	B-PER	B-PER
光	I-PER	I-PER
雄	E-PER	E-PER
深	O	O
切	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
贫	O	O
乏	O	O
，	O	O
高	B-LOC	B-LOC
红	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
根	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
是	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
、	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
村	O	O
容	O	O
村	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
乱	O	O
修	O	O
乱	O	O
建	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
9	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
洛	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
董	B-PER	O
莹	E-PER	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
金	S-PER	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
嫁	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
三	O	O
增	B-PER	O
平	E-PER	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
肩	O	O
负	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
大	O	O
哥	O	O
和	O	O
二	O	O
哥	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
担	O	O
。	O	O

岐	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
生	O	O
梧	O	O
桐	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
而	O	O
引	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
金	O	B-PER
凤	O	I-PER
凰	O	E-PER
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
洛	B-LOC	O
南	E-LOC	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
情	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
在	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
广	O	O
为	O	O
传	O	O
颂	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
建	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
漂	O	O
亮	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
室	O	O
也	O	O
建	O	O
在	O	O
楼	O	O
内	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
陕	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
渭	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
极	O	O
腼	O	O
腆	O	O
的	O	O
杜	B-PER	B-PER
雪	I-PER	I-PER
田	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

在	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
末	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
宝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鸡	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
中	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
地	O	O
试	O	O
建	O	O
过	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
弱	O	O
智	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
社	O	O
，	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
陕	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
残	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
小	O	O
额	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

事	O	O
实	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
训	B-ORG	B-ORG
练	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
是	O	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
与	O	O
钦	O	O
佩	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
曲	O	O
《	O	O
浏	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
》	O	O
吹	O	O
罢	O	O
，	O	O
福	B-ORG	B-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
江	B-PER	O
人	I-PER	O
民	E-PER	O
眼	O	O
中	O	O
闪	O	O
烁	O	O
着	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
口	O	O
琴	O	O
是	O	O
训	B-ORG	B-ORG
练	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
导	O	O
员	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
才	E-PER	E-PER
给	O	O
他	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
他	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
吹	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
动	O	O
听	O	O
的	O	O
曲	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
再	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
沙	O	O
漠	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
荒	O	O
原	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
绚	O	O
丽	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
真	O	O
诚	O	O
的	O	O
慰	O	O
藉	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O

机	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
训	I-ORG	I-ORG
练	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
脚	O	O
踏	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
条	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
叫	O	O
它	O	O
“	O	O
连	O	O
心	O	O
路	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
这	O	O
条	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
训	B-ORG	B-ORG
练	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
无	O	O
阻	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

连	O	B-ORG
接	O	I-ORG
训	B-ORG	I-ORG
练	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
福	B-ORG	B-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
既	O	O
不	O	O
长	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
宽	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
柏	O	O
油	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
训	B-ORG	B-ORG
练	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
从	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
走	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
福	B-ORG	B-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
为	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
孤	O	O
寡	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
助	O	O
残	O	O
日	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
载	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
载	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
对	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
倾	O	O
注	O	O
着	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
与	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
息	O	O
息	O	O
相	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
脉	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
为	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
次	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
助	O	O
残	O	O
日	O	O
”	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
社	B-ORG	O
会	I-ORG	O
周	I-ORG	O
刊	E-ORG	O
》	O	O
特	O	O
辟	O	O
专	O	O
版	O	O
，	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
愿	O	O
扶	O	O
残	O	O
助	O	O
残	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
风	O	O
尚	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
！	O	O

第	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
助	O	O
残	O	O
日	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
助	O	O
与	O	O
共	O	O
进	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
、	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
享	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
创	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
省	B-ORG	B-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
见	B-ORG	B-ORG
义	I-ORG	I-ORG
勇	I-ORG	I-ORG
为	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
和	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
伸	O	O
出	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
之	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

何	O	O
以	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
是	O	O
至	O	O
关	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

赣	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
供	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
用	O	O
电	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
窃	O	O
电	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
反	O	O
窃	O	O
电	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
收	O	O
效	O	O
甚	O	O
微	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
住	O	O
窃	O	O
电	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
窃	O	O
电	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
愈	O	O
演	O	O
愈	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O

渐	O	O
渐	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
住	O	O
户	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
窃	O	O
电	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
套	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
住	O	O
户	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
共	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
景	O	O
点	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
倍	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
翻	O	O
了	O	O
四	O	O
番	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
博	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
腾	I-LOC	I-LOC
湖	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
博	B-LOC	B-LOC
湖	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
都	O	O
把	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
当	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
来	O	O
抓	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
分	O	O
”	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
与	O	O
她	O	O
有	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
的	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
干	O	O
脆	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
离	O	O
婚	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
电	B-LOC	B-LOC
力	I-LOC	I-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
是	O	O
名	O	O
副	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
烟	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
保	O	B-ORG
证	O	I-ORG
电	B-ORG	I-ORG
力	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
9	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
开	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
奋	O	O
战	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

坐	O	O
在	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
创	B-ORG	O
建	I-ORG	O
总	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
谦	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
棱	O	O
角	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
脸	O	O
庞	O	O
，	O	O
浓	O	O
黑	O	O
厚	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
剑	O	O
眉	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
代	O	O
电	O	O
业	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
仅	O	O
靠	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
所	O	O
中	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
内	B-LOC	B-LOC
蒙	I-LOC	I-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
电	O	O
力	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
煤	O	O
从	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
送	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
蒙	I-ORG	I-ORG
古	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
关	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
收	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
去	O	O
做	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
赚	O	O
了	O	O
钱	O	O
再	O	O
分	O	O
给	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O

叶	B-PER	B-PER
光	E-PER	E-PER
日	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
向	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

叶	B-PER	O
光	E-PER	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
原	O	O
重	B-ORG	B-ORG
庆	I-ORG	I-ORG
酒	I-ORG	I-ORG
类	I-ORG	I-ORG
专	I-ORG	I-ORG
卖	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
名	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
假	O	O
酒	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
把	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
、	O	O
论	O	O
证	O	O
当	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
举	O	O
手	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
当	O	O
做	O	O
论	O	O
证	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
就	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
诤	O	O
臣	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
既	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
硬	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
家	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
器	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
康	B-ORG	B-ORG
佳	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
长	B-ORG	O
虹	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
熊	B-ORG	O
猫	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
先	B-ORG	O
科	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
容	B-ORG	O
声	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
小	B-ORG	O
天	I-ORG	O
鹅	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
荣	B-ORG	O
事	I-ORG	O
达	E-ORG	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
便	O	O
宜	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
供	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
到	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
欧	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
来	O	O
？	O	O

但	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
压	O	O
低	O	O
房	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
并	O	O
未	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
预	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
房	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
回	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
抢	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
价	O	O
反	O	O
倒	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O

房	O	O
价	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
再	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
民	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
焦	O	O
点	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
始	O	O
建	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
首	O	O
屈	O	O
一	O	O
指	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
房	O	O
房	O	O
价	O	O
之	O	O
高	O	O
也	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
最	O	O
。	O	O

南	O	O
宋	O	O
淳	O	O
熙	O	O
改	O	O
元	O	O
锦	O	O
溪	O	O
张	B-PER	O
监	I-PER	O
税	E-PER	O
宅	O	O
刻	O	O
本	O	O
《	O	O
昌	B-PER	B-PER
黎	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
集	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
迭	O	O
经	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
名	O	O
家	O	O
流	O	O
传	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
宝	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
仅	O	O
存	O	O
三	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
附	O	O
录	O	O
一	O	O
卷	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
孤	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
纪	O	B-ORG
念	O	I-ORG
总	B-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
歌	I-ORG	I-ORG
舞	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
立	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
总	B-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
歌	I-ORG	I-ORG
舞	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	I-LOC	E-LOC
剧	I-LOC	O
院	E-LOC	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
左	B-PER	B-PER
青	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
晨	E-PER	E-PER
担	O	O
任	O	O
策	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
风	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
徐	B-PER	B-PER
新	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
云	I-PER	I-PER
厚	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
健	E-PER	I-PER
执	O	E-PER
棒	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
木	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
彭	B-PER	B-PER
丽	I-PER	I-PER
媛	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
程	B-PER	B-PER
志	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
秀	I-PER	I-PER
芬	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
郁	B-PER	O
钧	I-PER	O
剑	E-PER	O
、	O	O
熊	B-PER	O
卿	I-PER	O
材	E-PER	O
、	O	O
阎	B-PER	B-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
文	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
蔡	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
庆	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
联	O	O
袂	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

青	O	O
年	O	O
歌	O	O
唱	O	O
家	O	O
廖	B-PER	B-PER
昌	I-PER	I-PER
永	E-PER	E-PER
专	O	O
场	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
剧	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
尚	B-PER	O
长	I-PER	O
荣	E-PER	O
专	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
参	O	O
演	O	O
、	O	O
展	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
剧	O	O
目	O	O
共	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
乏	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
佳	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

尤	O	O
其	O	O
一	O	O
出	O	O
三	B-LOC	O
环	I-LOC	O
路	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
街	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
堆	O	O
土	O	O
、	O	O
筛	O	O
沙	O	O
。	O	O

好	O	O
端	O	O
端	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
为	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
增	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
受	O	O
风	O	O
沙	O	O
之	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
草	O	O
地	O	O
是	O	O
何	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
草	O	O
地	O	O
假	O	O
如	O	O
不	O	O
加	O	O
护	O	O
栏	O	O
就	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
被	O	O
践	O	O
踏	O	O
得	O	O
支	O	O
离	O	O
破	O	O
碎	O	O
，	O	O
踩	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
条	O	O
小	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
遗	O	O
弃	O	O
着	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
废	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O

连	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
整	O	O
洁	O	O
的	O	O
东	B-LOC	O
四	E-LOC	O
朝	O	O
北	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
条	O	O
街	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
傍	O	O
晚	O	O
也	O	O
遗	O	O
弃	O	O
着	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
脏	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
灯	B-LOC	O
市	I-LOC	O
西	I-LOC	B-LOC
口	E-LOC	I-LOC
至	O	I-LOC
王	B-LOC	I-LOC
府	I-LOC	I-LOC
井	E-LOC	I-LOC
马	O	I-LOC
路	O	E-LOC
西	O	O
侧	O	O
和	O	O
阜	B-LOC	B-LOC
成	I-LOC	I-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
向	O	O
东	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
侧	O	O
一	O	O
入	O	O
黄	O	O
昏	O	O
简	O	O
直	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
堆	O	O
放	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
肮	O	O
脏	O	O
不	O	O
堪	O	O
。	O	O

再	O	O
向	O	O
东	O	O
靠	O	O
近	O	O
呼	B-LOC	O
家	I-LOC	O
楼	E-LOC	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
的	O	O
胡	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
驶	O	O
出	O	O
左	O	O
转	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
要	O	O
挤	O	O
入	O	O
由	O	O
东	O	O
朝	O	O
西	O	B-LOC
本	O	E-LOC
已	O	O
塞	O	O
得	O	O
满	O	O
满	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
由	O	O
西	O	O
向	O	O
东	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
横	O	O
添	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
屏	O	O
障	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
堵	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
来	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
。	O	O

首	B-LOC	O
都	I-LOC	O
机	I-LOC	O
场	E-LOC	O
拥	O	O
挤	O	O
、	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
头	O	O
痛	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
全	O	O
要	O	O
算	O	O
在	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
竣	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
账	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O

团	O	O
里	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
编	O	O
制	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
保	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
苛	O	O
刻	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
：	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
响	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
“	I-ORG	I-ORG
附	I-ORG	I-ORG
属	I-ORG	I-ORG
”	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
唱	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
万	O	O
四	O	O
千	O	O
元	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
养	O	O
活	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
季	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
民	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
水	O	O
利	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
井	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
眼	O	O
，	O	O
修	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
防	O	O
渗	O	O
垄	O	O
沟	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
地	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
因	O	O
势	O	O
利	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
为	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
与	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
并	O	O
重	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
向	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O

龙	B-LOC	B-LOC
固	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	B-LOC	O
立	E-LOC	O
苇	B-LOC	O
帘	I-LOC	O
加	I-LOC	O
工	I-LOC	O
基	I-LOC	O
地	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
芦	O	O
苇	O	O
已	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
芦	O	O
苇	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
已	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
淮	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
县	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
抓	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
抓	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
技	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
果	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
畜	O	O
禽	O	O
水	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
、	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
长	O	O
足	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

开	O	O
发	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
境	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
塌	O	O
陷	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
风	O	O
起	O	O
处	O	O
听	O	O
潮	O	O
声	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
沛	B-LOC	O
县	E-LOC	O
由	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
县	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
强	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
）	O	O

3	O	O
年	O	O
走	O	O
完	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
左	B-PER	B-PER
慧	I-PER	I-PER
英	E-PER	E-PER
又	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
变	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	I-LOC	E-LOC
农	I-LOC	O
副	I-LOC	O
产	I-LOC	O
品	I-LOC	O
批	I-LOC	O
发	I-LOC	O
市	I-LOC	O
场	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
坂	B-LOC	O
下	I-LOC	O
农	I-LOC	O
贸	I-LOC	O
批	I-LOC	O
发	I-LOC	O
市	I-LOC	O
场	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
打	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
比	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
叫	O	O
“	O	O
割	O	O
下	O	O
猪	O	O
尾	O	O
巴	O	O
让	O	O
猪	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
把	O	O
猪	O	O
牵	O	O
走	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
后	O	O
代	O	O
子	O	O
孙	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
力	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
多	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
上	O	O
农	O	O
下	O	O
渔	O	O
”	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
前	B-LOC	O
邵	E-LOC	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
也	O	O
“	O	O
芝	O	O
麻	O	O
开	O	O
花	O	O
节	O	O
节	O	O
高	O	O
”	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
由	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
猛	O	O
增	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
琢	O	O
磨	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
新	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
：	O	O
挖	O	O
池	O	O
为	O	O
塘	O	O
，	O	O
筑	O	O
成	O	O
两	O	O
米	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
台	O	O
田	O	O
，	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
畜	O	O
牧	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
塘	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
淡	O	O
水	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

思	O	O
想	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
为	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
使	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
能	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
省	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
还	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
职	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
既	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
可	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
离	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
按	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
落	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
能	O	O
与	O	O
在	O	O
职	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
共	O	O
享	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
老	I-ORG	I-ORG
干	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
钟	B-PER	B-PER
隆	I-PER	I-PER
惠	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
改	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
告	O	O
诫	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
：	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
麻	O	O
痹	O	O
大	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
松	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
再	O	O
坚	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
船	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
覆	O	O
没	O	O
；	O	O
船	O	O
大	O	O
有	O	O
抗	O	O
风	O	O
浪	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
难	O	O
掉	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
弊	O	O
端	O	O
，	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
大	O	O
船	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
谨	O	O
慎	O	O
行	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
患	O	O
于	O	O
未	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	I-ORG	I-ORG
建	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
秦	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
础	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
严	O	O
重	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
，	O	O
集	B-ORG	B-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
让	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
民	I-PER	I-PER
岗	E-PER	E-PER
临	O	O
危	O	O
受	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
扭	O	O
亏	O	O
为	O	O
盈	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
信	O	O
誉	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
队	O	O
之	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
民	I-PER	I-PER
岗	E-PER	E-PER
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
型	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
靠	O	O
出	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
大	O	O
汗	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
靠	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
使	O	O
靠	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
后	O	O
劲	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
俩	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
村	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
税	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
为	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
收	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
收	O	O
7	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
按	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
猪	O	O
屠	O	O
宰	O	O
税	O	O
应	O	O
由	O	O
屠	O	O
宰	O	O
户	O	O
按	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
×	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
（	O	O
头	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
上	O	O
交	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
周	B-PER	O
冲	I-PER	O
民	E-PER	O
硬	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
4	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
户	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
养	O	O
猪	O	O
，	O	O
养	O	O
几	O	O
头	O	O
猪	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
户	O	O
平	O	O
摊	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
款	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
收	O	O
1	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

数	O	O
十	O	O
名	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
聚	O	O
在	O	O
村	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
久	O	O
久	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
离	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
如	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
下	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
诉	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
冲	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
当	O	O
村	B-ORG	O
党	I-ORG	O
支	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
的	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
停	O	O
职	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
应	O	O
诺	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
3	O	O
时	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
将	O	O
与	O	O
村	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
会	O	O
计	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
管	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
账	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
相	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
忘	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
7	O	O
3	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
振	I-PER	I-PER
应	E-PER	E-PER
老	O	O
汉	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
冲	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
带	O	O
人	O	O
催	O	O
款	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
你	O	O
加	O	O
倍	O	O
交	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
倾	O	O
家	O	O
荡	O	O
产	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
气	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
喝	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
农	O	O
药	O	O
。	O	O

高	B-PER	O
四	I-PER	O
九	E-PER	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
打	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
看	O	O
伤	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
花	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
药	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
回	O	O
乡	O	O
小	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
过	O	O
着	O	O
日	O	O
出	O	O
而	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
日	S-LOC	O
入	O	O
而	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
乎	O	O
原	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
伤	O	O
残	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
伤	O	O
残	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
却	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
三	O	O
等	O	O
甲	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
复	O	O
员	O	O
后	O	O
也	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
未	O	O
领	O	O
取	O	O
过	O	O
抚	O	O
恤	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
慕	O	O
名	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
祥	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
藏	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
麓	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
偏	O	O
僻	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
寻	O	O
遍	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
踪	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O

仿	O	O
佛	O	O
一	O	O
夜	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
缅	B-LOC	B-LOC
甸	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
叔	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
上	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
翡	O	O
翠	O	O
玉	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
桥	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
边	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
盘	O	O
算	O	O
着	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
卖	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
价	O	O
钱	O	O
；	O	O
畹	B-LOC	O
町	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
傣	O	O
家	O	O
卜	O	O
少	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
背	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
竹	O	O
筐	O	O
，	O	O
踩	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
路	O	O
小	O	O
碎	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
急	O	O
急	O	O
到	O	O
缅	B-LOC	B-LOC
甸	E-LOC	E-LOC
去	O	O
赶	O	O
集	O	O
；	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
精	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
商	O	O
人	O	O
把	O	O
五	O	O
金	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
电	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O

长	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
宽	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
钢	O	O
筋	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
筑	O	O
就	O	O
的	O	O
畹	B-LOC	B-LOC
町	I-LOC	I-LOC
新	I-LOC	I-LOC
桥	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
缅	S-LOC	S-LOC
边	O	O
境	O	O
线	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
桥	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
。	O	O

小	O	O
胡	S-PER	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
又	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
忙	O	O
起	O	O
身	O	O
迎	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O

还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
着	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
减	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
势	O	O
在	O	O
必	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
就	O	O
好	O	O
比	O	O
一	O	O
台	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
仆	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
后	O	O
台	O	O
总	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
是	O	O
搭	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
台	O	O
搭	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
自	O	O
会	O	O
唱	O	O
出	O	O
好	O	O
戏	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
任	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
及	O	O
县	O	B-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
件	O	O
（	O	O
起	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
和	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
畅	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
言	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
民	O	O
情	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
民	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
每	O	O
件	O	O
必	O	O
阅	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
出	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
批	O	O
转	O	O
交	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O

仅	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
6	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
所	O	O
需	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

被	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
纠	O	O
缠	O	O
着	O	O
的	O	O
刘	S-PER	S-PER
老	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
英	O	O
文	O	O
《	B-ORG	O
中	I-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
妇	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
编	I-ORG	I-ORG
辑	I-ORG	I-ORG
室	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
伸	O	O
向	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
苦	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O

进	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
开	O	O
车	O	O
去	O	O
加	O	O
油	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
拨	O	O
拉	O	O
着	O	O
算	O	O
盘	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
又	O	O
点	O	O
单	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
硬	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
抬	O	O
一	O	O
抬	O	O
眼	O	O
皮	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
年	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
宣	O	O
判	O	O
”	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
鼻	O	O
咽	O	O
癌	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
惊	O	O
雷	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
顶	O	O
炸	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
天	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
给	O	O
她	O	O
包	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
派	O	O
专	O	O
人	O	O
护	O	O
送	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
她	O	O
不	O	O
慎	O	O
摔	O	O
倒	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
她	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
骨	O	O
骼	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
哪	O	O
怕	O	O
是	O	O
轻	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
绊	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
癌	O	O
龄	O	O
”	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
益	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
师	O	O
傅	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
前	O	O
是	O	O
首	B-ORG	O
钢	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
车	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

假	O	O
如	O	O
苦	O	O
难	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
重	O	O
重	O	O
压	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
厄	O	O
运	O	O
轻	O	O
轻	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
和	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
页	O	O
翻	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
闯	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

城	O	O
镇	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
和	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
和	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
·	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
9	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
·	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

城	O	O
镇	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
量	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
降	O	O
各	O	O
异	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
”	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
性	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
包	O	O
”	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
细	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
使	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
也	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
壮	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
用	O	O
工	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
惰	O	O
性	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
四	O	O
肢	O	O
”	O	O
乏	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
升	O	O
迁	O	O
不	O	O
凭	O	O
本	O	O
事	O	O
靠	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
不	O	O
看	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
搞	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

整	O	O
个	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
月	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
是	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
旺	O	O
季	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
也	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
赚	O	O
万	O	O
把	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
赔	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O

罚	O	O
款	O	O
是	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
内	O	O
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
数	O	O
额	O	O
钱	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
偷	O	O
盗	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
威	I-PER	I-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
天	O	O
蒙	O	B-PER
蒙	O	I-PER
亮	O	E-PER
就	O	O
得	O	O
起	O	O
床	O	O
挑	O	O
水	O	O
洗	O	O
衣	O	O
、	O	O
烧	O	O
火	O	O
做	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
完	O	O
家	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
赶	O	O
路	O	O
去	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
、	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
：	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
抢	O	O
答	O	O
，	O	O
别	O	O
具	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O

地	O	O
处	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
沂	B-LOC	B-LOC
蒙	E-LOC	I-LOC
革	O	I-LOC
命	O	I-LOC
老	O	I-LOC
区	O	E-LOC
的	O	O
临	B-ORG	B-ORG
沂	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
实	I-ORG	I-ORG
验	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
《	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
教	O	O
育	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
为	O	O
先	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
美	O	O
育	O	O
为	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
次	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
登	O	O
山	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-ORG
苏	I-ORG	I-ORG
康	I-ORG	I-ORG
博	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
登	I-ORG	I-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
从	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
远	O	O
征	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
中	S-LOC	B-LOC
尼	S-LOC	E-LOC
边	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
高	O	O
峰	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
卓	B-LOC	B-LOC
奥	I-LOC	I-LOC
友	I-LOC	I-LOC
峰	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
该	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
泉	E-PER	E-PER
心	O	O
里	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
服	O	O
气	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
上	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
道	O	O
就	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
！	O	O

从	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
回	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
竞	O	O
猜	O	O
卡	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
多	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
多	O	O
为	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
或	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
剪	O	O
自	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
得	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
则	O	O
以	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
排	O	O
在	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

师	O	O
长	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
豫	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
纳	O	O
入	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
上	O	O
场	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
要	O	O
随	O	O
之	O	O
而	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
当	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
同	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
轮	O	O
番	O	O
上	O	O
阵	O	O
相	O	O
抗	O	O
衡	O	O
。	O	O

前	O	O
苏	B-ORG	B-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
苗	I-PER	I-PER
诺	I-PER	E-PER
娃	E-PER	O
退	O	O
役	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
苗	I-PER	I-PER
诺	I-PER	E-PER
娃	E-PER	O
已	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
被	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
从	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
夺	O	O
走	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
不	O	O
由	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
前	O	O
苏	B-LOC	B-LOC
联	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
中	O	O
锋	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
苗	I-PER	I-PER
诺	I-PER	E-PER
娃	E-PER	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
道	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
4	O	O
万	O	O
条	O	O
；	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
条	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
同	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
相	O	O
差	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
是	O	O
篮	O	O
板	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
拿	O	O
到	O	O
4	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
篮	O	O
板	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
只	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
在	O	O
快	O	O
攻	O	O
和	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
性	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
输	O	O
球	O	O
在	O	O
所	O	O
难	O	O
免	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
终	O	O
场	O	O
哨	O	O
声	O	O
响	O	O
前	O	O
5	O	O
秒	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
场	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
奥	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
加	E-PER	E-PER
单	O	O
人	O	O
带	O	O
球	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
封	O	O
锁	O	O
又	O	O
得	O	O
1	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

经	B-ORG	B-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
开	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
由	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

至	O	O
于	O	O
女	O	O
双	O	O
，	O	O
葛	B-PER	B-PER
菲	E-PER	E-PER
／	O	O
顾	B-PER	B-PER
俊	E-PER	E-PER
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
是	O	O
打	O	O
遍	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
无	O	O
敌	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
莲	I-PER	I-PER
香	E-PER	E-PER
年	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
早	O	O
则	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
迟	O	O
则	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
即	O	O
会	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
退	O	O
出	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
羽	O	O
坛	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
丽	E-PER	E-PER
年	O	O
龄	O	O
尚	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
尚	O	O
不	O	O
老	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
女	O	O
单	O	O
强	O	O
手	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
廷	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
金	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
贤	E-PER	E-PER
虽	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
女	O	O
单	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
女	O	O
单	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
以	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
单	O	O
从	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
俊	E-PER	I-PER
排	O	E-PER
第	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
毅	I-PER	I-PER
刚	E-PER	E-PER
排	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
、	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
炯	E-PER	E-PER
则	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
世	O	O
界	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
被	O	O
摒	O	O
出	O	O
三	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
花	O	O
甲	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
戈	B-PER	B-PER
麦	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
重	O	O
出	O	O
江	O	O
湖	O	O
，	O	O
意	O	O
欲	O	O
重	O	O
振	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
雄	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
滕	I-LOC	I-LOC
堡	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
薛	B-PER	B-PER
原	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
女	O	O
篮	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
战	O	O
幕	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
在	O	O
a	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
于	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
时	O	O
间	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
2	O	O
时	O	O
同	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
交	O	O
锋	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
且	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
没	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
下	O	O
月	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
罢	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
篮	E-ORG	E-ORG
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
入	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
最	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
凯	B-PER	O
莉	E-PER	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
会	O	O
共	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
消	O	O
防	O	O
类	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
托	B-PER	B-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
哈	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
担	O	O
当	O	O
主	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
获	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
网	O	O
球	O	O
后	O	O
继	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

继	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
义	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
夺	O	O
得	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
自	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
枪	O	O
慢	O	O
射	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
步	O	O
枪	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
娴	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
6	O	O
8	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
0	O	O
环	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
步	O	O
枪	O	O
3	O	O
×	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
争	O	O
得	O	O
射	O	O
击	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
奥	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
会	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
席	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

刘	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
梁	E-PER	E-PER
获	O	O
首	O	O
轮	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
赛	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
派	O	O
出	O	O
男	O	O
、	O	O
女	O	O
各	O	O
7	O	O
名	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

用	O	O
他	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
轻	O	O
飘	O	O
飘	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
练	O	O
兵	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
提	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
连	O	O
练	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
也	O	O
达	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
支	O	O
远	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
篮	E-ORG	E-ORG
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
见	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
经	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
篮	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
外	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
同	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
手	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
不	O	O
小	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
教	O	O
鞭	O	O
交	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
跃	I-PER	I-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
任	O	O
比	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
跃	I-PER	I-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
显	O	O
得	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
依	O	O
傍	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
锋	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
后	O	O
卫	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
冬	I-PER	I-PER
梅	E-PER	E-PER
外	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
都	O	O
还	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
出	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

西	B-ORG	B-ORG
班	I-ORG	I-ORG
牙	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
队	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
未	O	O
卜	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
站	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
打	O	O
到	O	O
不	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
梅	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
言	O	O
下	O	O
之	O	O
意	O	O
是	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
出	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
上	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
锦	O	O
赛	O	O
战	O	O
绩	O	O
不	O	O
佳	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
戈	B-PER	B-PER
麦	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
都	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
劲	O	O
敌	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
首	O	O
场	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
会	O	O
很	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
在	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
疆	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
库	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
勒	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

女	O	O
子	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
围	O	O
棋	O	O
赛	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
女	O	O
子	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
只	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
届	O	O
便	O	O
夭	O	O
折	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
龚	B-PER	B-PER
智	I-PER	I-PER
超	E-PER	E-PER
便	O	O
在	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
劣	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
般	O	O
地	O	O
以	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
丽	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
汤	S-PER	S-PER
杯	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
3	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
卫	O	O
冕	O	O
汤	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
杯	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
8	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
时	O	O
太	B-ORG	B-ORG
阳	I-ORG	I-ORG
神	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
麦	B-PER	O
广	I-PER	O
梁	E-PER	O
因	O	O
禁	O	O
区	O	O
内	O	O
犯	O	O
规	O	O
被	O	O
红	O	O
牌	O	O
罚	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O

易	O	O
边	O	O
再	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
刚	O	O
回	O	O
过	O	O
神	O	O
儿	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
五	B-ORG	B-ORG
牛	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
开	O	O
始	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
反	O	O
攻	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
边	O	O
倒	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
改	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O

辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
进	O	O
攻	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
接	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
也	O	O
较	O	O
默	O	O
契	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
较	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
五	B-ORG	B-ORG
牛	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
难	O	O
以	O	O
招	O	O
架	O	O
。	O	O

△	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
艾	B-PER	O
奇	E-PER	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
新	O	O
著	O	O
《	O	O
金	B-LOC	B-PER
陵	E-LOC	I-PER
桂	O	I-PER
冠	O	E-PER
》	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
由	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-ORG
苏	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
一	O	O
早	O	O
从	O	O
桥	B-LOC	B-ORG
儿	I-LOC	I-ORG
沟	E-LOC	I-ORG
鲁	B-ORG	I-ORG
艺	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
延	B-LOC	O
河	E-LOC	O
到	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
；	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
到	O	O
深	O	O
夜	O	O
才	O	O
又	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
踏	O	O
着	O	O
寂	O	O
静	O	O
和	O	O
曲	O	O
折	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
路	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
鲁	B-ORG	B-ORG
艺	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

更	O	O
出	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
期	O	O
技	O	O
改	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
黑	O	O
色	O	O
橡	O	O
胶	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
向	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
橡	O	O
胶	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
无	O	O
油	O	O
无	O	O
味	O	O
橡	O	O
胶	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O

后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
办	O	O
一	O	O
所	O	O
建	O	O
材	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
岂	O	O
知	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
怨	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
再	O	O
生	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
胶	O	O
木	O	O
粉	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
将	O	O
胶	O	O
木	O	O
粉	O	O
连	O	O
同	O	O
胶	O	O
木	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
移	O	O
至	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
租	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
营	O	O
房	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
、	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
出	O	O
类	O	O
拔	O	O
萃	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
莫	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
迪	O	O
。	O	O

调	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
地	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
胶	O	O
木	O	O
粉	O	O
和	O	O
胶	O	O
木	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
厂	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
橡	O	O
胶	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
召	O	O
唤	O	O
，	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
们	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
浇	O	O
熄	O	O
胸	O	O
中	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
燃	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
再	O	O
生	O	O
欲	O	O
望	O	O
之	O	O
火	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
岁	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
归	O	O
宿	O	O
给	O	O
梅	B-LOC	O
岭	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
助	O	O
梅	B-LOC	O
岭	E-LOC	O
而	O	O
再	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

先	O	O
是	O	O
吃	O	O
大	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
是	O	O
吃	O	O
毛	O	O
竹	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
下	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
吃	O	O
树	O	O
兜	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
吃	O	O
人	O	O
越	O	O
穷	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
也	O	O
从	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
里	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
吃	O	O
山	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
地	O	O
被	O	O
留	O	O
了	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
大	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
队	O	O
接	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
没	O	O
干	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
吃	O	O
不	O	O
消	O	O
，	O	O
丢	O	O
下	O	O
便	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
容	O	O
忍	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
户	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
流	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

老	O	O
薛	S-PER	O
且	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
论	O	O
他	O	O
；	O	O
这	O	O
小	O	O
薛	S-PER	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
为	O	O
官	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
关	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
型	O	O
球	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
战	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
会	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
他	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
战	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
从	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
比	E-PER	E-PER
身	O	O
上	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
拿	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
；	O	O
两	O	O
队	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
单	O	O
打	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
毅	I-PER	I-PER
刚	E-PER	E-PER
与	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
叶	B-PER	O
诚	I-PER	O
旺	E-PER	O
均	O	O
属	O	O
拉	O	O
吊	O	O
型	O	O
打	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
毅	I-PER	I-PER
刚	E-PER	E-PER
胜	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
况	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	E-ORG	E-ORG
老	O	O
将	O	O
拉	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
战	O	O
绩	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
毅	I-PER	I-PER
刚	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
拿	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
受	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
海	I-LOC	I-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
及	O	O
白	B-LOC	O
令	I-LOC	O
海	I-LOC	O
峡	E-LOC	O
海	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
莫	O	O
测	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
从	O	O
大	O	O
本	O	O
营	O	O
到	O	O
峰	O	O
顶	O	O
的	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
约	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
和	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
峰	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
攀	O	O
登	O	O
麦	B-LOC	B-LOC
金	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
峰	E-LOC	E-LOC
要	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

尤	B-ORG	B-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
图	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
继	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
多	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
蒙	I-ORG	I-ORG
德	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
获	O	O
亚	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
黯	O	O
然	O	O
神	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
皇	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
德	I-ORG	I-ORG
里	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
时	O	O
隔	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
团	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
副	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
奔	O	O
袭	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
；	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
跑	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
3	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
就	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
掉	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
何	O	O
令	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
炯	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
功	O	O
成	O	O
名	O	O
就	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
仍	O	O
能	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
平	O	O
常	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
时	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
昂	O	O
扬	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
羽	I-ORG	I-ORG
毛	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
迟	O	O
早	O	O
应	O	O
补	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
课	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
摆	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
心	O	O
态	O	O
而	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
应	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
、	O	O
改	O	O
正	O	O
。	O	O

坚	O	O
守	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
阵	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
炯	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
应	O	O
战	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
也	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

按	O	O
照	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
炯	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
名	O	O
气	O	O
来	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
男	O	O
单	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
位	O	O
约	B-PER	B-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
应	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
计	O	O
划	O	O
内	O	O
必	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
前	O	O
4	O	O
盘	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
战	O	O
成	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
炯	E-PER	E-PER
出	O	O
战	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
三	O	O
单	O	O
打	O	O
约	B-PER	B-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
告	O	O
负	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
作	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
打	O	O
好	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
掉	O	O
以	O	O
轻	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
像	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
外	O	B-ORG
国	O	I-ORG
队	O	E-ORG
出	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
终	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
3	O	O
输	O	O
给	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
台	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
还	O	O
将	O	O
到	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
切	O	O
磋	O	O
球	O	O
艺	O	O
。	O	O

印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
没	O	O
有	O	O
派	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
单	O	O
打	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
比	E-PER	E-PER
上	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
想	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
利	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
时	O	O
先	O	O
声	O	O
夺	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
队	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
战	O	O
意	O	O
图	O	O
略	O	O
微	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
差	O	O
异	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
稍	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
冕	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
更	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
则	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
卫	O	O
冕	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
则	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
迫	O	O
使	O	O
于	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
才	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
死	O	O
拼	O	O
a	O	O
组	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
与	O	O
四	O	O
强	O	O
中	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
弱	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
马	B-ORG	B-ORG
来	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
相	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
汤	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
杯	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
在	O	O
b	O	O
组	O	O
四	O	O
队	O	O
间	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O

汤	S-PER	S-PER
杯	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	E-ORG	E-LOC
与	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-LOC
尼	E-ORG	E-LOC
一	O	O
战	O	O
预	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
晚	O	O
7	O	O
时	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
初	O	O
出	O	O
茅	O	O
庐	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
汤	S-PER	S-PER
尤	S-PER	S-PER
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
是	O	O
久	O	O
经	O	O
沙	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
奥	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
会	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
男	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
高	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
争	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
着	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
男	O	O
单	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
和	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
抓	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
的	O	O
挺	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
以	O	O
总	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
5	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
刷	O	O
新	O	O
了	O	O
该	O	O
级	O	O
别	O	O
总	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O

生	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
沈	B-PER	O
思	I-PER	O
远	E-PER	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
获	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
少	O	O
儿	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
赛	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
排	O	O
定	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
前	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
座	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
汤	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
杯	O	O
、	O	O
尤	B-PER	B-PER
伯	E-PER	E-PER
杯	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
羽	O	O
毛	O	O
球	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
赛	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
直	O	O
播	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
比	O	O
赛	O	O
实	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
酒	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
波	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
多	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
领	O	O
队	O	O
举	O	O
起	O	O
斟	O	O
满	O	O
的	O	O
酒	O	O
杯	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
法	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
的	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
要	O	O
属	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
6	O	O
2	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
5	O	O
6	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
级	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
宗	I-PER	I-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
抓	O	O
举	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
、	O	O
挺	O	O
举	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
五	O	O
星	O	O
红	O	O
旗	O	O
在	O	O
索	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	E-LOC
大	I-LOC	O
学	I-LOC	O
生	I-LOC	O
体	I-LOC	O
育	I-LOC	O
馆	E-LOC	O
里	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
升	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
天	O	O
黑	O	O
、	O	O
路	O	O
陡	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
滑	O	O
坠	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
消	O	O
耗	O	O
殆	O	O
尽	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
登	O	O
顶	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
撤	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
三	B-ORG	B-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
同	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
班	I-ORG	I-ORG
牙	I-ORG	I-ORG
巴	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
阵	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
汤	S-PER	S-PER
杯	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
揭	O	O
幕	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
马	B-ORG	B-ORG
来	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
相	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
丽	I-LOC	I-LOC
莎	I-LOC	I-LOC
白	I-LOC	I-LOC
体	I-LOC	I-LOC
育	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	E-ORG
选	O	O
手	O	O
何	B-PER	B-PER
泰	I-PER	I-PER
权	E-PER	E-PER
／	O	O
姜	B-PER	B-PER
京	I-PER	I-PER
珍	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
汤	S-PER	S-PER
杯	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
了	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
幕	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
队	O	O
败	O	O
局	O	O
已	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
出	O	O
场	O	O
后	O	O
仍	O	O
斗	O	O
志	O	O
昂	O	O
扬	O	O
、	O	O
拼	O	O
劲	O	O
十	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
力	O	O
克	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
男	O	O
双	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
甲	I-PER	I-PER
亮	E-PER	E-PER
／	O	O
西	B-PER	B-PER
吉	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
为	O	O
诠	O	O
释	O	O
“	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
奥	O	O
林	O	O
匹	O	O
克	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
写	O	O
下	O	O
浓	O	O
墨	O	O
重	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
。	O	O

赛	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
羽	I-ORG	I-ORG
毛	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
波	E-PER	E-PER
称	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
较	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
选	O	O
派	O	O
陈	B-PER	O
刚	E-PER	O
上	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

叶	B-PER	B-PER
钊	I-PER	I-PER
颖	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
跌	O	O
倒	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
爬	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
能	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
长	I-PER	I-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	I-LOC	I-LOC
体	I-LOC	I-LOC
育	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
共	O	O
同	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
卜	B-PER	O
凡	I-PER	O
舟	E-PER	O
“	O	O
奥	O	O
林	O	O
匹	O	O
克	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
行	O	O
”	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	I-LOC	I-LOC
体	I-LOC	I-LOC
育	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
届	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
跆	O	O
拳	O	O
道	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
于	O	O
五	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
越	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	I-LOC
胡	B-LOC	I-LOC
志	I-LOC	I-LOC
明	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
拉	O	O
开	O	O
帷	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

除	O	O
了	O	O
贺	B-PER	B-PER
璐	I-PER	I-PER
敏	E-PER	E-PER
获	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
级	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
慧	I-PER	I-PER
晶	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
申	B-PER	O
旭	E-PER	O
还	O	O
分	O	O
获	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
级	O	O
和	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
级	O	O
铜	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O

女	O	O
子	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
菊	E-PER	E-PER
与	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
晨	E-PER	E-PER
过	O	O
去	O	O
互	O	O
有	O	O
胜	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
高	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
足	O	O
球	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
意	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
a	I-ORG	I-ORG
c	I-ORG	I-ORG
米	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
那	B-ORG	O
不	I-ORG	O
勒	I-ORG	O
斯	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
弗	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
明	I-ORG	I-ORG
戈	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
格	B-ORG	B-PER
雷	I-ORG	I-PER
米	I-ORG	I-PER
奥	E-ORG	E-PER
、	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
阿	I-ORG	B-LOC
森	I-ORG	I-LOC
纳	E-ORG	E-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
交	O	O
锋	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
为	O	O
7	O	O
胜	O	O
3	O	O
平	O	O
7	O	O
负	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
队	O	O
曾	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
次	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
夫	E-LOC	E-LOC
联	O	O
赛	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
次	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
杯	O	O
和	O	O
丰	B-ORG	B-ORG
田	E-ORG	E-ORG
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
过	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
在	O	O
工	B-LOC	O
人	I-LOC	O
体	I-LOC	O
育	I-LOC	O
场	E-LOC	O
迎	O	O
战	O	O
客	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
福	B-ORG	B-ORG
田	E-ORG	E-ORG
杯	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
刑	O	O
满	O	O
出	O	O
狱	O	O
的	O	O
居	B-PER	O
来	I-PER	O
提	I-PER	O
·	I-PER	O
土	I-PER	O
尔	I-PER	O
地	E-PER	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
走	O	O
正	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
启	O	O
迪	O	O
”	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
第	B-ORG	B-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
监	I-ORG	I-ORG
狱	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
干	O	O
警	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
做	O	O
犯	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

每	O	O
位	O	O
乘	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
乘	O	O
务	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
、	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
、	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
乘	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
再	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
愉	O	O
悦	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
乘	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
从	O	O
发	O	O
型	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
妆	O	O
到	O	O
着	O	O
装	O	O
和	O	O
配	O	O
带	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
算	I-ORG	I-ORG
机	I-ORG	I-ORG
函	I-ORG	I-ORG
授	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
希	B-ORG	B-ORG
望	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
脑	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
揭	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
游	O	O
泳	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
所	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
将	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
游	I-ORG	I-ORG
泳	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
代	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
游	O	O
泳	O	O
界	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
比	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
通	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
更	O	O
严	O	O
厉	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

霍	B-PER	B-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
能	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
全	O	O
队	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
则	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
留	O	O
有	O	O
缺	O	O
憾	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
催	O	O
促	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
去	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
、	O	O
去	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
。	O	O

个	O	O
人	O	O
兴	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
也	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
血	O	O
液	O	O
。	O	O

体	B-ORG	O
委	E-ORG	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
“	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

走	O	O
近	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
社	O	O
区	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
扫	O	O
描	O	O
（	O	O
下	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
1	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
羽	I-ORG	I-ORG
毛	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
争	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
番	O	O
以	O	O
卫	O	O
冕	O	O
者	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
出	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
当	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
处	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
交	O	O
替	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
除	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
比	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
佐	B-PER	B-PER
戈	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
莲	I-PER	I-PER
香	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
丽	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
面	O	O
孔	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
叫	O	O
出	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	B-ORG
届	O	I-ORG
执	B-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
亚	B-ORG	O
足	I-ORG	O
联	E-ORG	O
章	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	B-ORG
十	O	I-ORG
八	O	I-ORG
届	O	I-ORG
亚	B-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	I-ORG
会	O	I-ORG
员	O	I-ORG
国	O	I-ORG
代	O	I-ORG
表	O	I-ORG
大	O	I-ORG
会	O	E-ORG
在	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
吉	B-LOC	B-LOC
隆	I-LOC	I-LOC
坡	E-LOC	E-LOC
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
切	B-ORG	B-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
号	O	O
佩	B-PER	B-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
库	E-PER	E-PER
被	O	O
红	O	O
牌	O	O
罚	O	O
下	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
斯	B-ORG	B-ORG
图	I-ORG	I-ORG
加	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
大	O	O
举	O	O
反	O	O
扑	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
其	O	O
门	O	O
将	O	O
都	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
弃	O	O
城	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
攻	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
是	O	O
切	B-ORG	B-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
球	O	O
星	O	O
佐	B-PER	O
拉	E-PER	O
。	O	O

简	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
郎	B-PER	B-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
女	B-ORG	O
排	E-ORG	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
四	O	O
块	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
辅	O	O
导	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
与	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
们	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
交	O	O
叉	O	O
混	O	O
合	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
女	B-ORG	O
排	E-ORG	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
技	O	O
不	O	O
时	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
围	O	O
观	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
们	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
排	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
夏	B-LOC	B-LOC
威	I-LOC	I-LOC
夷	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
雅	I-LOC	I-LOC
图	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
5	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
赴	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拿	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
其	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
队	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
和	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
昨	O	O
天	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
集	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
名	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
申	I-ORG	I-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
范	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
毅	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
承	I-PER	I-PER
瑛	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
申	B-PER	O
思	E-PER	O
、	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
琪	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
区	B-PER	O
楚	I-PER	O
良	E-PER	O
，	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
连	I-ORG	I-ORG
万	I-ORG	I-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
徐	B-PER	B-PER
弘	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
恩	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
继	I-PER	I-PER
海	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
郝	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
四	B-ORG	B-ORG
川	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
兴	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
魏	B-PER	O
群	E-PER	O
、	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
明	I-PER	I-PER
宇	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
姚	B-PER	O
夏	E-PER	O
、	O	O
黎	B-PER	O
兵	E-PER	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
姚	B-PER	B-PER
健	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
朝	I-PER	I-PER
阳	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
八	B-ORG	B-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
江	B-PER	B-LOC
津	E-PER	E-LOC
、	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
云	I-PER	I-PER
峰	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
武	B-ORG	B-ORG
汉	I-ORG	I-ORG
雅	I-ORG	I-ORG
琪	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
蔡	B-PER	O
晟	E-PER	O
，	O	O
深	B-ORG	B-ORG
圳	I-ORG	I-ORG
平	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
谢	B-PER	O
峰	E-PER	O
和	O	O
健	B-ORG	B-ORG
力	I-ORG	I-ORG
宝	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
铁	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

由	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
建	I-ORG	I-ORG
予	I-ORG	I-ORG
房	I-ORG	I-ORG
地	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
开	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
协	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
两	O	O
回	O	O
合	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
决	O	O
出	O	O
胜	O	O
负	O	O
。	O	O

上	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
记	I-ORG	I-ORG
者	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
连	O	O
进	O	O
三	O	O
球	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
五	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
记	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	I-ORG
组	O	I-ORG
织	O	E-ORG
的	O	O
『	O	O
建	B-ORG	O
予	E-ORG	O
杯	O	O
』	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
津	S-LOC	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
赛	O	O
首	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	I-LOC
先	B-LOC	I-LOC
农	I-LOC	I-LOC
坛	I-LOC	I-LOC
体	I-LOC	I-LOC
育	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
中	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
老	O	O
城	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
真	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
是	O	O
挖	O	O
空	O	O
心	O	O
思	O	O
为	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
螺	O	O
蛳	O	O
壳	O	O
里	O	O
做	O	O
道	O	O
场	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
共	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
晨	O	O
晚	O	O
练	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
占	O	O
2	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	E-ORG
场	I-ORG	O
馆	I-ORG	O
处	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
范	S-PER	O
处	O	O
长	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
0	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
龄	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
运	I-ORG	I-ORG
动	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
宾	B-ORG	O
士	I-ORG	O
域	I-ORG	O
北	I-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
龄	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
员	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

前	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
在	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	B-ORG
国	O	I-ORG
女	O	I-ORG
篮	O	E-ORG
邀	O	O
请	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
篮	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
同	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
各	O	O
交	O	O
手	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

即	O	O
5	O	O
、	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
每	O	O
周	O	O
六	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
时	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

良	O	O
性	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
限	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

琼	B-PER	B-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
流	O	O
星	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
马	O	O
当	O	O
先	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
雪	I-PER	I-PER
梅	E-PER	E-PER
认	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
起	O	O
跑	O	O
时	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
用	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
险	O	O
些	O	O
摔	O	O
倒	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
急	O	O
躁	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
变	O	O
形	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
失	O	O
常	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
很	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
位	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
问	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
你	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
和	O	O
跳	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
都	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
顶	O	O
尖	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
最	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
女	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

人	O	O
们	O	O
没	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
琼	B-PER	B-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
会	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
。	O	O

除	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-ORG	O
心	E-ORG	O
与	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
队	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
队	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
同	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
“	O	O
层	O	O
层	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

世	O	O
界	O	O
轻	O	O
量	O	O
级	O	O
拳	O	O
击	O	O
赛	O	O
莫	B-PER	B-LOC
斯	I-PER	I-LOC
利	E-PER	I-LOC
卫	O	I-LOC
冕	O	E-LOC
成	O	O
功	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

参	O	O
赛	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
在	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
正	O	O
选	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
并	O	O
打	O	O
完	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
积	O	O
分	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
巡	O	O
回	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
与	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
、	O	O
短	O	O
跑	O	O
与	O	O
跳	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

在	O	O
田	O	O
坛	O	O
，	O	O
琼	B-PER	B-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
有	O	O
“	O	O
女	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
刘	I-PER	I-PER
易	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
”	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
誉	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
她	O	O
与	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
易	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
样	O	O
全	O	O
才	O	O
全	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
籍	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
入	O	O
选	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
×	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
接	O	O
力	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
与	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	I-LOC	I-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
那	E-LOC	E-LOC
奥	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
会	O	O
擦	O	O
肩	O	O
而	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O

美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	E-LOC	E-LOC
海	O	O
岸	O	O
的	O	O
牙	B-LOC	O
买	I-LOC	O
加	E-LOC	O
是	O	O
盛	O	O
产	O	O
“	O	O
飞	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
雪	I-PER	I-PER
梅	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
荣	I-PER	I-PER
伟	E-PER	E-PER
则	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
爱	O	O
徒	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
秒	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O

等	O	O
级	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
为	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
了	O	O
和	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
相	O	O
衔	O	O
接	O	O
的	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
在	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
她	O	O
对	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
站	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
女	O	O
“	O	O
飞	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
登	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
c	O	O
a	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
7	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
飞	O	O
往	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
7	O	O
×	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
赛	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
越	O	O
野	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
4	O	O
2	O	O
名	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
人	O	O
赛	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
山	O	O
地	O	O
车	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
男	O	O
、	O	O
女	O	O
越	O	O
野	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
冕	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
双	O	O
双	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
；	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	E-ORG	E-LOC
的	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
燕	I-PER	I-PER
萍	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-LOC
本	E-ORG	E-LOC
的	O	O
户	B-PER	B-PER
漳	I-PER	I-PER
井	I-PER	I-PER
俊	I-PER	I-PER
介	E-PER	E-PER
都	O	O
以	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
夺	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
梁	E-PER	E-PER
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
直	O	O
拍	O	O
横	O	O
打	O	O
和	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
威	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
3	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
获	O	O
胜	O	O
。	O	O

执	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
汝	I-PER	I-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
第	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
手	O	O
便	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
从	O	O
左	O	O
上	O	O
角	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
腹	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
吃	O	O
掉	O	O
黑	O	O
棋	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
外	O	O
电	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
枚	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
选	O	O
手	O	O
蔡	B-PER	B-PER
玉	I-PER	I-PER
燕	E-PER	E-PER
9	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
佛	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
达	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
泳	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
跳	O	O
水	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
大	O	O
奖	O	O
赛	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
站	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
跳	O	O
台	O	O
跳	O	O
水	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
秋	O	O
风	O	O
夕	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
勰	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
墓	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
孤	O	O
独	O	O
和	O	O
苍	O	O
凉	O	O
。	O	O

墓	O	O
前	O	O
总	O	O
算	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
石	O	O
碑	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
工	O	O
粗	O	O
糙	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
碑	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
刚	O	O
树	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

墓	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
侧	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
弯	O	O
弯	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
小	O	O
渠	O	O
，	O	O
里	O	O
边	O	O
堆	O	O
着	O	O
些	O	O
枯	O	O
枝	O	O
败	O	O
叶	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
向	O	O
南	O	O
蜿	O	O
蜒	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
；	O	O
西	O	O
侧	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
逶	O	O
迤	O	O
绵	O	O
延	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
峦	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
边	O	O
稀	O	O
落	O	O
地	O	O
长	O	O
着	O	O
几	O	O
株	O	O
倦	O	O
怠	O	O
的	O	O
黑	O	O
松	O	O
和	O	O
几	O	O
丛	O	O
枝	O	O
条	O	O
赤	O	O
裸	O	O
的	O	O
灌	O	O
木	O	O
。	O	O

美	O	O
景	O	O
妙	O	O
境	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
着	O	O
清	O	O
苦	O	O
与	O	O
寂	O	O
寞	O	O
。	O	O

再	O	O
如	O	O
四	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
一	O	O
马	O	O
平	O	O
川	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
汪	O	O
洋	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
突	O	O
兀	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
山	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
称	O	O
它	O	O
叫	O	O
孤	B-LOC	O
山	E-LOC	O
。	O	O

且	O	O
不	O	O
说	O	O
以	O	O
险	O	O
要	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
的	O	O
黄	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
就	O	O
说	O	O
武	B-LOC	O
陵	I-LOC	O
源	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
山	O	O
吧	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
座	O	O
山	O	O
头	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
陡	O	O
峭	O	O
如	O	O
刀	O	O
割	O	O
斧	O	O
斫	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
，	O	O
奇	O	O
峰	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
，	O	O
峰	O	O
峰	O	O
拔	O	O
地	O	O
而	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
锐	O	O
下	O	O
削	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
粗	O	O
细	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
头	O	O
大	O	O
尾	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
从	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
倒	O	O
插	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
悬	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O

孔	B-PER	B-PER
子	E-PER	E-PER
登	O	O
泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
而	O	O
小	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
胸	O	O
怀	O	O
与	O	O
泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
融	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

宋	O	O
人	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
辟	I-PER	E-PER
之	E-PER	O
《	O	O
渑	B-LOC	O
水	E-LOC	O
燕	O	O
谈	O	O
录	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
载	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
庆	O	O
历	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
滕	B-PER	B-PER
子	I-PER	I-PER
京	E-PER	E-PER
谪	O	O
守	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
陵	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
治	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

但	O	O
吕	S-PER	S-PER
老	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
遗	O	O
嘱	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
留	O	O
骨	O	O
灰	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
骨	O	O
灰	O	O
埋	O	O
入	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
栽	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
绿	O	O
化	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
寻	O	O
常	O	O
小	O	O
事	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
吕	S-PER	S-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
情	O	O
操	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
可	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
了	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
套	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
以	O	O
穿	O	O
衣	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
吕	S-PER	S-PER
老	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
外	O	O
宾	O	O
、	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
好	O	O
衣	O	O
服	O	O
。	O	O

吕	B-PER	B-PER
叔	I-PER	I-PER
湘	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
余	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
卓	O	O
著	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
宗	O	O
师	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
受	O	O
业	O	O
弟	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
跟	O	O
随	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
悲	O	O
痛	O	O
之	O	O
情	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
！	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
热	O	O
心	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
苗	O	O
圃	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
尔	O	O
夫	O	O
球	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
聚	O	O
集	O	O
在	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-ORG
圳	E-LOC	I-ORG
观	B-ORG	I-ORG
澜	I-ORG	I-ORG
湖	I-ORG	I-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
夫	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
挥	O	O
杆	O	O
展	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
募	O	O
捐	O	O
学	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
基	O	O
础	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	O	O
尔	O	O
夫	O	O
球	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
米	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
防	O	O
守	O	O
严	O	O
密	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
奥	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
争	O	O
光	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
后	O	O
备	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
上	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
分	O	O
开	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
区	O	O
县	O	O
合	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
冒	O	O
尖	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
知	O	O
已	O	O
身	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
洋	O	O
彼	O	O
岸	O	O
的	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
怡	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
为	O	O
然	O	O
否	O	O
？	O	O

近	O	O
些	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
退	O	O
役	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
跳	O	O
水	O	O
名	O	O
将	O	O
高	B-PER	B-PER
敏	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
国	O	O
重	O	O
披	O	O
战	O	O
袍	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
津	O	O
津	O	O
乐	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
于	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
仁	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	I-LOC	I-LOC
文	I-LOC	I-LOC
化	I-LOC	I-LOC
体	I-LOC	I-LOC
育	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
作	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
因	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
，	O	O
遂	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
后	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
原	O	O
定	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

至	O	O
于	O	O
男	B-ORG	O
队	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
波	E-PER	E-PER
称	O	O
因	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
俊	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
炯	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
伤	O	O
病	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O

之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
波	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
此	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
莲	I-PER	I-PER
香	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
丽	E-PER	E-PER
与	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
钊	I-PER	I-PER
颖	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
龚	B-PER	B-PER
智	I-PER	I-PER
超	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
属	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
顶	O	O
尖	O	O
高	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
钊	I-PER	I-PER
颖	E-PER	E-PER
能	O	O
先	O	O
拿	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
则	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
完	O	O
全	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
以	O	O
5	O	O
∶	O	O
0	O	O
胜	O	O
出	O	O
；	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
钊	I-PER	I-PER
颖	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
失	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
龚	B-PER	B-PER
智	I-PER	I-PER
超	E-PER	E-PER
也	O	O
顶	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
丽	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
就	O	O
极	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
战	O	O
成	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
戴	B-PER	O
韫	E-PER	O
出	O	O
战	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
第	O	O
三	O	O
单	O	O
打	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
负	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
说	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
富	I-PER	I-PER
荣	E-PER	E-PER
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
甚	O	O
至	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
3	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
唯	O	O
一	O	O
能	O	O
稳	O	O
拿	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
葛	B-PER	B-PER
菲	E-PER	E-PER
／	O	O
顾	B-PER	B-PER
俊	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
而	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
因	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
相	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
胜	O	O
负	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
预	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O

广	O	O
大	O	O
棋	O	O
迷	O	O
可	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
和	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
象	I-ORG	I-ORG
棋	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
惠	I-ORG	I-ORG
普	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
波	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
棋	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
波	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
于	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
下	O	O
旬	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
来	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
访	O	O
问	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
守	O	O
门	O	O
员	O	O
塔	B-PER	B-PER
法	I-PER	I-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
洛	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
热	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
诺	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
迪	B-PER	O
达	E-PER	O
；	O	O
后	O	O
卫	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
代	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
贡	B-PER	B-PER
萨	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
儒	B-PER	B-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
奥	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
拜	I-PER	I-PER
伊	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
诺	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
西	I-PER	I-PER
奥	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
桑	I-PER	I-PER
托	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
福	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
伯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
卡	I-PER	I-PER
洛	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
泽	B-PER	B-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
罗	I-PER	I-PER
伯	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
；	O	O
中	O	O
场	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
塞	B-PER	B-PER
萨	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
桑	I-PER	I-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
约	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
德	B-PER	B-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
多	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
瓦	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
加	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
弗	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
奥	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
乔	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
尼	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
莱	B-PER	B-PER
奥	I-PER	I-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
里	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
；	O	O
前	O	O
锋	O	O
贝	B-PER	B-PER
贝	I-PER	I-PER
托	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
埃	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
蒙	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
奥	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

报	O	O
名	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
女	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
队	O	O
占	O	O
据	O	O
天	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
十	O	O
分	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O

赛	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
曾	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
并	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
怕	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
扎	B-PER	B-PER
加	I-PER	I-PER
洛	E-PER	E-PER
决	O	O
意	O	O
调	O	O
用	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
西	I-PER	I-PER
奥	E-PER	E-PER
来	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
空	O	O
当	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
汲	O	O
取	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
赶	O	O
紧	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
后	O	O
防	O	O
线	O	O
之	O	O
举	O	O
。	O	O

防	O	O
守	O	O
历	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
致	O	O
命	O	O
弱	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
惧	O	O
怕	O	O
身	O	O
材	O	O
高	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
队	O	O
员	O	O
头	O	O
球	O	O
攻	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
反	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O

改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
之	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
岳	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
忧	O	O
后	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
求	O	O
索	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
舟	O	O
为	O	O
媒	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
突	O	O
飞	O	O
猛	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
岳	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
近	O	O
期	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
此	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
岳	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
办	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
由	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
多	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
性	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
盛	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
空	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
祭	O	O
龙	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
已	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
里	O	O
程	O	O
碑	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
曾	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
过	O	O
在	O	O
岳	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
湖	E-LOC	E-LOC
旅	O	O
游	O	O
度	O	O
假	O	O
区	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
使	O	O
龙	O	B-LOC
城	O	E-LOC
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
岳	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
节	O	O
赛	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
节	O	O
和	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
炎	O	O
黄	O	O
杯	O	O
”	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
侨	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
屈	B-PER	B-PER
原	E-PER	E-PER
杯	O	O
”	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
赛	O	O
等	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
力	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
伤	O	O
病	O	O
仍	O	O
是	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
心	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
但	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
远	O	O
水	O	O
解	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
渴	O	O
。	O	O

连	O	O
续	O	O
征	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
延	B-ORG	B-ORG
边	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
乘	O	O
机	O	O
在	O	O
终	O	O
场	O	O
前	O	O
吹	O	O
响	O	O
冲	O	O
锋	O	O
号	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
、	O	O
快	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
的	O	O
甲	O	O
a	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
未	O	O
免	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
北	B-ORG	I-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
树	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
棒	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
运	I-ORG	I-ORG
动	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
上	O	O
课	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
将	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
棒	O	O
球	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
将	O	O
聘	O	O
请	O	O
原	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
和	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
任	O	O
教	O	O
。	O	O

成	O	O
立	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
树	B-ORG	B-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	I-ORG	I-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
棒	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
棒	O	O
垒	O	O
球	O	O
退	O	O
役	O	O
国	O	O
手	O	O
们	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
有	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

跑	O	O
道	O	O
总	O	O
长	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
蜿	O	O
蜒	O	O
曲	O	O
折	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
美	O	O
流	O	O
畅	O	O
，	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
浮	O	O
动	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
水	O	O
上	O	O
跑	O	O
车	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
跑	O	O
道	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
湖	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
钢	O	O
筋	O	O
混	O	O
凝	O	O
土	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
波	B-LOC	B-LOC
恩	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
国	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
网	O	O
球	O	O
女	O	O
皇	O	O
格	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
球	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
消	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O

德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
获	O	O
得	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
双	O	O
打	O	O
和	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
双	O	O
打	O	O
三	O	O
项	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O

享	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
跳	O	O
水	O	O
女	O	O
皇	O	O
”	O	O
美	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
高	B-PER	B-PER
敏	E-PER	E-PER
曾	O	O
经	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
跳	O	O
水	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
曾	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
过	O	O
2	O	O
次	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
次	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
2	O	O
次	O	O
奥	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
会	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
邦	E-LOC	E-LOC
运	O	O
动	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
吉	B-LOC	B-LOC
隆	I-LOC	I-LOC
坡	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
与	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
、	O	O
冒	O	O
险	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
晨	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
宁	E-PER	E-PER
此	O	O
前	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
尤	S-PER	S-PER
杯	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
出	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
均	O	O
告	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
棋	O	O
以	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
棋	O	O
子	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
“	O	O
同	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
胜	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
有	O	O
6	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
格	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
棋	O	O
盘	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
棋	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
走	O	O
法	O	O
与	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
相	O	O
似	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
横	O	O
平	O	O
竖	O	O
直	O	O
纵	O	O
横	O	O
驰	O	O
骋	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
走	O	O
对	O	O
角	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
俱	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
视	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
挑	O	O
选	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
一	B-ORG	O
队	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
阵	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
八	O	O
运	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
俱	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
下	O	O
与	O	O
威	B-ORG	B-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
瑞	I-ORG	I-ORG
俱	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
达	O	O
成	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
了	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
瑞	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
并	O	O
由	O	O
这	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
和	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
名	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

万	B-ORG	B-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
进	O	O
球	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O

万	B-ORG	B-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
徐	B-PER	B-PER
根	I-PER	I-PER
宝	E-PER	E-PER
称	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
本	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
6	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
都	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
5	O	O
胜	O	O
1	O	O
负	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
胜	O	O
4	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
6	O	O
负	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
任	B-PER	O
彦	I-PER	O
申	E-PER	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
登	O	O
山	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
母	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
华	O	O
诞	O	O
献	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
厚	O	O
礼	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
逐	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
夺	O	O
得	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
枚	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
居	O	O
各	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
队	O	O
之	O	O
首	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
辽	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
凌	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
木	I-ORG	I-ORG
塑	I-ORG	I-ORG
料	I-ORG	I-ORG
制	I-ORG	I-ORG
品	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	E-ORG
厂	O	O
长	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
淑	I-PER	I-PER
琴	E-PER	E-PER
办	O	O
厂	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
忘	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
去	O	O
过	O	O
云	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
支	O	O
边	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
返	O	O
城	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
消	B-ORG	O
防	I-ORG	O
器	I-ORG	O
材	I-ORG	O
厂	E-ORG	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
。	O	O

手	O	O
指	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
比	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
人	O	O
粗	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
掌	O	O
老	O	O
茧	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
裹	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
叉	O	O
开	O	O
五	O	O
指	O	O
像	O	O
铁	O	O
耙	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
拢	O	O
五	O	O
指	O	O
像	O	O
钢	O	O
铲	O	O
，	O	O
煤	O	O
屑	O	O
刺	O	O
入	O	O
肉	O	O
里	O	O
长	O	O
合	O	O
后	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
条	O	O
青	O	O
黑	O	O
色	O	O
斑	O	O
痕	O	O
。	O	O

狠	O	O
抓	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
三	O	O
项	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
奖	O	O
重	O	O
罚	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
现	O	O
行	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
置	O	O
疑	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
省	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
在	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
下	O	O
盲	O	O
目	O	O
抢	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
、	O	O
争	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
比	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
酿	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
钻	O	O
研	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
配	O	O
药	O	O
时	O	O
用	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
瓶	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
到	O	O
药	O	O
店	O	O
买	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
反	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
复	O	O
做	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
被	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
气	O	O
味	O	O
熏	O	O
得	O	O
吃	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
睡	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
觉	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
手	O	O
被	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
烧	O	O
坏	O	O
，	O	O
脱	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
皮	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
皮	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
不	O	O
达	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
我	O	O
誓	O	O
不	O	O
罢	O	O
休	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
挖	O	O
大	O	O
棚	O	O
建	O	O
保	O	O
温	O	O
墙	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
菜	O	O
地	O	O
边	O	O
搭	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
吃	O	O
住	O	O
全	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
早	O	O
上	O	O
3	O	O
点	O	O
钟	O	O
就	O	O
起	O	O
床	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
往	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
挖	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
厘	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
菜	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
砌	O	O
2	O	O
米	O	O
多	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
温	O	O
墙	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
干	O	O
到	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
点	O	O
多	O	O
钟	O	O
。	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
曾	O	O
不	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
害	O	O
怕	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
失	O	O
望	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
中	O	O
猛	O	O
醒	O	O
抛	O	O
开	O	O
傲	O	O
慢	O	O
与	O	O
世	O	O
俗	O	O
的	O	O
偏	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
义	O	O
无	O	O
反	O	O
顾	O	O
的	O	O
抉	O	O
择	O	O

女	O	O
高	O	O
音	O	O
郑	B-PER	O
咏	E-PER	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
比	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
时	E-LOC	E-LOC
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
声	O	O
乐	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
型	O	O
歌	O	O
剧	O	O
选	O	O
曲	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
女	O	O
声	O	O
组	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
与	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
望	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

沃	B-ORG	B-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
沃	E-ORG	I-ORG
推	O	I-ORG
出	O	I-ORG
新	O	I-ORG
车	O	I-ORG
型	O	I-ORG
瑞	B-ORG	I-ORG
典	I-ORG	I-ORG
沃	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
沃	I-ORG	I-ORG
汽	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
二	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	B-ORG
司	O	I-ORG
总	O	I-ORG
部	O	E-ORG
所	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	B-LOC
哥	B-LOC	I-LOC
德	I-LOC	I-LOC
堡	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
推	O	O
出	O	O
其	O	O
s	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
新	O	O
车	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
八	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
墨	S-LOC	O
与	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
墨	S-LOC	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	I-ORG
长	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
二	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
布	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
塞	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
批	O	O
准	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
与	O	O
墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
快	O	O
车	O	O
道	O	O
』	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
七	O	O
月	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
。	O	O

蒙	B-LOC	B-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
日	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
涨	O	O
价	O	O
蒙	B-LOC	B-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
末	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
四	O	O
月	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
半	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
粉	O	O
、	O	O
面	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
肉	O	O
、	O	O
奶	O	O
、	O	O
奶	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
烟	O	O
酒	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
类	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
零	O	O
五	O	O
种	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
涨	O	O
价	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
点	O	O
五	O	O
。	O	O

小	O	O
虎	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
两	O	O
岁	O	O
半	O	O
的	O	O
壮	O	O
汉	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
九	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
野	O	O
生	O	O
虎	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
流	O	O
落	O	O
为	O	O
柏	B-ORG	B-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
戏	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
“	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
才	O	O
被	O	O
牟	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
兹	E-LOC	E-LOC
收	O	O
养	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
合	O	O
群	O	O
的	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	B-ORG
家	O	I-ORG
电	O	I-ORG
视	O	I-ORG
广	O	I-ORG
播	O	I-ORG
公	O	I-ORG
司	O	E-ORG
已	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
起	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
播	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
的	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
符	O	O
号	O	O
提	O	O
醒	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
哪	O	O
些	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
包	O	O
含	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
色	O	O
情	O	O
影	O	O
像	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
，	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
又	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
抛	O	O
售	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
，	O	O
抽	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

前	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
。	O	O

徐	B-PER	B-PER
相	I-PER	I-PER
禄	E-PER	E-PER
打	O	O
破	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
贵	O	O
贱	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
及	O	O
甘	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
他	O	O
干	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
餐	O	O
厅	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O

餐	O	O
厅	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
最	O	O
初	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
高	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
长	O	O
者	O	O
会	O	O
放	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
架	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
见	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
并	O	O
排	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
餐	O	O
厅	O	O
门	O	O
旁	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
着	O	O
恭	O	O
候	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
临	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
再	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
续	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
者	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
及	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
实	O	O
例	O	O
和	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
期	O	O
给	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O

年	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
非	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
进	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
口	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
能	O	O
够	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
它	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-ORG	B-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
把	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
向	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

卡	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
杰	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
为	O	O
3	O	O
·	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
该	O	O
行	O	O
对	O	O
通	B-ORG	B-ORG
用	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
每	O	O
股	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
价	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
比	O	O
利	O	O
时	O	O
法	O	O
郎	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
布	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
塞	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
刚	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-ORG
兰	E-LOC	I-ORG
银	O	I-ORG
行	O	E-ORG
之	O	O
首	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
荷	B-ORG	B-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
昨	O	O
天	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
欲	O	O
出	O	O
价	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
比	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
时	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
通	B-ORG	B-ORG
用	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

墨	B-ORG	S-LOC
全	I-ORG	O
国	I-ORG	O
文	I-ORG	O
化	I-ORG	O
和	I-ORG	O
艺	I-ORG	B-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
经	O	O
常	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
义	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
也	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
和	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
重	O	O
病	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
的	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
。	O	O

戈	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
童	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
同	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
慈	O	O
善	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

卡	B-PER	B-PER
沙	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
墨	S-LOC	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
首	O	O
例	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
确	O	O
诊	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
例	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
戈	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
童	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
作	O	O
为	O	O
私	O	O
立	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
收	O	O
治	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
专	O	O
科	O	O
诊	O	O
所	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
院	O	O
送	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O

每	O	O
当	O	O
有	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
乐	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
声	O	O
笑	O	O
语	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
院	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
病	O	O
床	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
医	O	O
护	O	O
和	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
贸	O	O
易	O	O
逆	O	O
差	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
很	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
转	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
增	O	O
值	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

声	O	O
明	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
了	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
教	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O

除	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
卫	O	O
生	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
药	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
越	O	O
发	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
。	O	O

后	O	O
经	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
医	O	O
生	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
针	O	O
灸	O	O
和	O	O
按	O	O
摩	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
，	O	O
疼	O	O
痛	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
，	O	O
病	O	O
情	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
已	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
服	O	O
药	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
为	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
铢	O	O
（	O	O
合	O	O
6	O	O
·	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O

意	O	O
向	O	O
书	O	O
对	O	O
泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
有	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
能	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

上	O	O
述	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
氧	O	O
杂	O	O
环	O	O
己	O	O
烷	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
焚	O	O
烧	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
剧	O	O
毒	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
区	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
中	O	O
毒	O	O
迹	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
牲	O	O
畜	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
街	O	O
头	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
口	O	O
罩	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

实	O	O
施	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
城	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
动	O	O
车	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
上	O	O
路	O	O
行	O	O
驶	O	O
，	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
将	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O

紧	O	O
急	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
幼	O	O
儿	O	O
园	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
户	O	O
外	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
5	O	O
时	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
城	O	O
机	O	O
动	O	O
车	O	O
辆	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
驶	O	O
”	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
；	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
油	O	O
站	O	O
；	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
未	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
或	O	O
半	O	O
停	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O

埃	B-ORG	B-LOC
及	I-ORG	E-LOC
最	I-ORG	B-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
物	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
考	O	O
古	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
师	O	O
和	O	O
雕	O	O
塑	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
最	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
7	O	O
8	O	O
块	O	O
仿	O	O
古	O	O
砖	O	O
，	O	O
耗	O	O
资	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
拯	O	O
救	O	O
饱	O	O
经	O	O
风	O	O
霜	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
斯	B-PER	B-PER
芬	I-PER	I-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
”	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
吉	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	I-LOC	I-LOC
金	I-LOC	I-LOC
字	I-LOC	I-LOC
塔	E-LOC	E-LOC
前	O	O
，	O	O
装	O	O
扮	O	O
成	O	O
古	B-LOC	O
埃	I-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
法	O	O
老	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
祭	O	O
司	O	O
和	O	O
武	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
男	O	O
子	O	O
揭	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
在	O	O
狮	B-LOC	B-LOC
身	I-LOC	I-LOC
人	I-LOC	I-LOC
面	I-LOC	I-LOC
像	E-LOC	E-LOC
上	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
幅	O	O
白	O	O
色	O	O
帐	O	O
幕	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
相	O	O
辉	O	O
映	O	O
的	O	O
星	O	O
光	O	O
和	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
给	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
从	O	O
木	O	O
质	O	O
脚	O	O
手	O	O
架	O	O
下	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
狮	B-LOC	B-LOC
身	I-LOC	I-LOC
人	I-LOC	I-LOC
面	I-LOC	I-LOC
像	E-LOC	E-LOC
罩	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
神	O	O
秘	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
。	O	O

以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
何	O	O
以	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
？	O	O

贝	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
热	E-PER	E-PER
昨	O	O
天	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
了	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
士	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
纳	O	O
粹	O	O
的	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

瑞	B-ORG	B-ORG
士	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
也	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
犹	B-LOC	B-LOC
太	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
的	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
新	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
从	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
起	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
识	O	O
别	O	O
新	O	O
美	O	O
钞	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
性	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
复	O	O
印	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
扫	O	O
描	O	O
仪	O	O
、	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
打	O	O
印	O	O
机	O	O
使	O	O
仿	O	O
造	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
从	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
工	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
假	O	O
钞	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
更	O	O
易	O	O
乱	O	O
真	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
难	O	O
识	O	O
别	O	O
。	O	O

图	O	O
为	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
在	O	O
微	B-ORG	B-ORG
软	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
展	O	O
台	O	O
前	O	O
饶	O	O
有	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
地	O	O
玩	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
际	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
和	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O

机	O	O
械	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
灵	O	O
敏	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
性	O	O
胜	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

电	O	O
脑	O	O
操	O	O
纵	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
洪	O	O
水	O	O
退	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
流	O	O
挟	O	O
带	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
水	O	O
草	O	O
浮	O	O
萍	O	O
而	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
聚	O	O
集	O	O
在	O	O
入	O	O
海	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
该	O	O
港	O	O
开	O	O
往	O	O
邻	O	O
国	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
圭	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
班	O	O
轮	O	O
延	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
千	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
滞	O	O
留	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O

法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
画	O	O
家	O	O
塞	B-PER	B-PER
尚	E-PER	E-PER
也	O	O
是	O	O
后	O	O
期	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
与	O	O
树	O	O
》	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
×	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
厘	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
未	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
之	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
《	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
与	O	O
树	O	O
》	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
散	O	O
步	O	O
中	O	O
遇	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
患	O	O
肺	O	O
充	O	O
血	O	O
致	O	O
死	O	O
。	O	O

凌	O	O
晨	O	O
3	O	O
时	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
文	B-ORG	O
化	I-ORG	O
遗	I-ORG	O
产	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
长	O	O
韦	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
罗	I-PER	I-PER
尼	E-PER	E-PER
乘	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
博	O	B-LOC
物	O	I-LOC
馆	O	E-LOC
…	O	O
…	O	O

他	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
见	O	O
门	O	O
半	O	O
开	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
看	O	O
守	O	O
人	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
警	O	O
觉	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
呼	O	O
叫	O	O
“	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
叫	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
巡	O	O
警	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
1	O	O
时	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
博	B-LOC	O
物	I-LOC	O
馆	E-LOC	O
附	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
“	B-ORG	O
艺	I-ORG	O
术	I-ORG	O
咖	I-ORG	O
啡	I-ORG	O
”	I-ORG	O
酒	I-ORG	O
吧	E-ORG	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
员	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
罗	I-PER	I-PER
科	I-PER	I-PER
洛	E-PER	E-PER
与	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
室	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
名	O	O
女	O	O
看	O	O
守	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
古	O	B-LOC
城	O	E-LOC
罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
灯	O	O
火	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
劳	O	O
务	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
汉	O	O
语	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
参	O	O
考	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
议	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

白	B-ORG	B-ORG
宫	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
驳	O	O
斥	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
与	O	O
微	B-ORG	B-ORG
软	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
间	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
打	O	O
官	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
反	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
法	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
和	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
不	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
已	O	O
经	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
司	B-ORG	B-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
官	O	O
员	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

墨	S-LOC	O
白	O	O
银	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
白	O	O
银	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
白	O	O
银	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
国	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
石	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
接	O	O
管	O	O
在	O	O
委	S-LOC	O
中	O	O
标	O	O
油	O	O
田	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
石	I-ORG	I-ORG
油	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
二	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
日	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
接	O	O
管	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
委	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瑞	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	O	O
部	O	O
马	B-LOC	O
拉	I-LOC	O
开	I-LOC	O
波	I-LOC	O
湖	E-LOC	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
坎	I-ORG	I-ORG
波	I-ORG	I-ORG
油	I-ORG	I-ORG
田	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
时	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	E-ORG	E-LOC
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
案	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
岁	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
能	O	O
够	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
来	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
华	B-ORG	B-ORG
盛	I-ORG	I-ORG
顿	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
邦	I-ORG	I-ORG
地	I-ORG	I-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
法	O	O
官	O	O
杰	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
逊	E-PER	E-PER
宣	O	O
布	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
性	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
微	B-ORG	B-ORG
软	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
必	O	O
须	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
强	O	O
迫	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
商	O	O
在	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
“	O	O
视	O	O
窗	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
”	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
安	O	O
微	B-ORG	B-ORG
软	E-ORG	E-ORG
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
“	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
浏	O	O
览	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
了	O	O
司	B-ORG	B-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
要	O	O
求	O	O
对	O	O
微	B-ORG	B-ORG
软	E-ORG	E-ORG
实	O	O
行	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
应	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
化	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
还	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
是	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
好	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O

应	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

每	O	O
所	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
所	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
千	O	O
篇	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
从	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
传	O	O
授	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
？	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
走	O	O
偏	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
犹	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
。	O	O

结	O	O
果	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
一	O	O
窍	O	O
不	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
那	O	O
时	O	O
农	B-ORG	O
大	E-ORG	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
级	O	O
别	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
级	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
；	O	O
清	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
航	E-ORG	E-ORG
校	O	O
长	O	O
是	O	O
六	O	O
级	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
总	O	O
店	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
分	O	O
店	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
冲	O	O
洗	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
个	O	O
胶	O	O
卷	O	O
，	O	O
冲	O	O
洗	O	O
有	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
概	O	O
率	O	O
在	O	O
万	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
冲	O	O
洗	O	O
坏	O	O
胶	O	O
卷	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
还	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
质	I-ORG	I-ORG
量	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
监	I-ORG	I-ORG
督	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
对	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
机	O	O
冷	O	O
却	O	O
液	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
：	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
便	O	O
可	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
各	O	O
异	O	O
的	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
民	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
读	O	O
到	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
与	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
读	O	O
到	O	O
积	O	O
淀	O	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
读	O	O
到	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
评	I-ORG	I-ORG
论	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
《	I-ORG	I-ORG
创	I-ORG	I-ORG
作	I-ORG	I-ORG
评	I-ORG	I-ORG
谭	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
联	O	O
合	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
叙	O	O
述	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
圆	O	O
熟	O	O
老	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
变	O	O
声	O	O
期	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
叙	O	O
述	O	O
音	O	O
调	O	O
中	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
朴	O	O
素	O	O
、	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
清	O	O
水	O	O
出	O	O
芙	O	O
蓉	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
殷	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
诗	O	O
歌	O	O
界	O	O
与	O	O
朗	O	O
诵	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
直	O	O
至	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
通	O	O
力	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
好	O	O
诗	O	O
付	O	O
诸	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
导	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
听	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
撩	O	O
拨	O	O
、	O	O
鼓	O	O
荡	O	O
、	O	O
振	O	O
奋	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
经	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
诗	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
照	O	O
下	O	O
坦	O	O
然	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
强	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O

已	O	O
故	O	O
老	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
冯	B-PER	B-PER
牧	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
曾	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
换	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
尿	O	O
布	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
写	O	O
他	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
点	O	O
选	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
比	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
有	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
触	O	O
发	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
所	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
利	O	O
大	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
挖	O	O
掘	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
铁	B-ORG	B-ORG
十	I-ORG	I-ORG
四	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
处	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
广	O	O
泛	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
拜	O	O
师	O	O
收	O	O
徒	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
傅	O	O
传	O	O
“	O	O
绝	O	O
活	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
比	O	O
学	O	O
赶	O	O
帮	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
所	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
田	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
土	O	O
壤	O	O
板	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
“	O	O
基	O	O
腐	O	O
病	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
如	B-LOC	B-ORG
东	I-LOC	I-ORG
县	E-LOC	I-ORG
孙	B-ORG	I-ORG
窑	I-ORG	I-ORG
乡	I-ORG	I-ORG
农	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
站	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
岁	O	O
、	O	O
衣	O	O
着	O	O
朴	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
忙	O	O
里	O	O
忙	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
购	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
鑫	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
肖	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
花	E-PER	E-PER
进	O	O
步	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
门	O	O
功	O	O
课	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
班	O	O
上	O	O
前	O	O
茅	O	O
。	O	O

或	O	O
许	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
缘	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
平	O	O
素	O	O
不	O	O
爱	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
无	O	O
话	O	O
不	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
。	O	O

俊	B-PER	B-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
曾	O	O
做	O	O
过	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
广	I-ORG	I-ORG
播	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
编	O	O
外	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
做	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
热	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

走	O	O
进	O	O
热	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
向	O	O
俊	B-PER	B-PER
平	E-PER	I-PER
诉	O	E-PER
说	O	O
快	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
孤	O	O
独	O	O
苦	O	O
闷	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
纷	O	O
繁	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

收	O	O
音	O	O
机	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
陪	O	O
伴	O	O
着	O	O
小	O	B-PER
俊	B-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
她	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
窗	O	O
外	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
下	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O

服	O	O
务	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
行	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
项	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
汇	O	O
合	O	O
军	O	O
警	O	O
民	O	O
三	O	O
方	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
汕	B-LOC	B-LOC
头	E-LOC	I-LOC
市	O	E-LOC
直	O	O
各	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
中	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
招	O	O
募	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
各	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
轮	O	O
番	O	O
接	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
汕	B-LOC	B-LOC
头	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
管	O	O
辖	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
市	O	O
一	O	O
县	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

广	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
澄	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
莲	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
隆	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
贫	O	O
瘠	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
曾	O	O
弥	O	O
漫	O	O
着	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
硝	O	O
烟	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

分	B-ORG	B-ORG
局	I-ORG	I-ORG
郑	I-ORG	I-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
站	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
营	B-ORG	O
销	I-ORG	O
开	I-ORG	O
发	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
货	B-ORG	O
物	I-ORG	O
速	I-ORG	O
递	I-ORG	O
小	I-ORG	O
组	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
仓	O	O
储	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
途	O	O
货	O	O
物	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
少	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
把	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
“	O	O
束	O	O
之	O	O
高	O	O
阁	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
“	O	O
请	O	O
”	O	O
了	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
京	B-LOC	S-LOC
九	I-LOC	O
线	E-LOC	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
通	O	O
车	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
以	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
性	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
郑	B-ORG	B-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	I-ORG
京	B-LOC	I-ORG
广	I-LOC	I-ORG
线	E-LOC	E-ORG
分	O	O
流	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
使	O	O
运	O	O
营	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
深	B-ORG	B-ORG
圳	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
住	I-ORG	I-ORG
宅	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
鹿	B-LOC	B-LOC
丹	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
为	O	O
旧	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
区	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
万	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
物	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
分	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
万	B-ORG	O
科	E-ORG	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
并	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-LOC
圳	E-LOC	I-LOC
荔	B-LOC	I-LOC
景	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
厦	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
栋	O	O
每	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
售	O	O
价	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
楼	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
部	O	O
是	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
写	O	O
字	O	O
楼	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
部	O	O
是	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
万	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
物	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	E-ORG	E-ORG
按	O	O
照	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
整	O	O
套	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
都	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
量	O	O
化	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
。	O	O

深	B-ORG	B-ORG
圳	I-ORG	I-ORG
万	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
企	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
股	I-ORG	I-ORG
份	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
天	B-LOC	O
景	I-LOC	O
花	I-LOC	O
园	E-LOC	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
派	O	O
人	O	O
去	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
学	O	O
习	O	O
物	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
。	O	O

房	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
收	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
低	O	O
房	O	O
租	O	O
养	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
各	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
及	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

许	O	O
多	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
小	O	O
区	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
没	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
毁	O	O
坏	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
残	O	O
缺	O	O
，	O	O
管	O	O
道	O	O
不	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
失	O	O
修	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
脏	O	O
、	O	O
乱	O	O
、	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
物	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
由	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

它	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
管	O	O
所	O	O
或	O	O
各	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
对	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
？	O	O

没	O	O
水	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
几	O	O
里	O	O
路	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
沟	O	O
沟	O	O
去	O	O
挑	O	O
；	O	O
下	O	O
雨	O	O
天	O	O
山	O	O
陡	O	O
路	O	O
滑	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
吃	O	O
房	O	O
檐	O	O
水	O	O
；	O	O
饭	O	O
是	O	O
挂	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
菜	O	O
是	O	O
盐	O	O
水	O	O
煮	O	O
黄	O	O
豆	O	O
。	O	O

党	B-ORG	O
支	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
富	I-PER	I-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
把	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
一	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
带	O	O
上	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
窝	O	O
棚	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
区	B-ORG	O
林	I-ORG	O
业	I-ORG	O
局	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
在	O	O
山	O	O
上	O	O
安	O	O
营	O	O
扎	O	O
寨	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
庄	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
翻	O	O
天	O	O
覆	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

薛	B-PER	B-PER
安	I-PER	I-PER
郡	E-PER	E-PER
明	O	O
白	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
理	O	O
儿	O	O
：	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
办	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
找	O	O
能	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
岁	O	O
进	O	O
财	O	O
税	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
当	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
征	O	O
管	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
干	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
与	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O

海	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
百	O	O
强	O	O
县	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
区	O	O
别	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
职	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
才	I-ORG	I-ORG
服	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
流	O	O
动	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
暂	O	O
行	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
中	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
费	O	O
收	O	O
缴	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
等	O	O
都	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
心	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
了	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
才	I-ORG	I-ORG
服	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
就	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
党	B-ORG	O
总	I-ORG	O
支	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
把	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
党	B-ORG	O
总	I-ORG	O
支	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
散	O	O
失	O	O
在	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
老	O	O
酿	O	O
酒	O	O
师	O	O
请	O	O
进	O	O
厂	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
好	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
工	O	O
序	O	O
关	O	O
；	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
酒	O	O
类	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
田	B-ORG	O
横	E-ORG	O
老	O	O
酒	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
酒	O	O
类	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
席	O	O
之	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
举	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
请	O	O
您	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
选	O	O
购	O	O
！	O	O

另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
减	O	O
肥	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
片	O	O
面	O	O
夸	O	O
大	O	O
减	O	O
肥	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
卫	B-ORG	B-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	I-ORG
营	I-ORG	I-ORG
养	I-ORG	I-ORG
与	I-ORG	I-ORG
食	I-ORG	I-ORG
品	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
减	O	O
肥	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
疗	O	O
程	O	O
而	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
军	B-ORG	B-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
毒	I-ORG	I-ORG
物	I-ORG	I-ORG
药	I-ORG	I-ORG
物	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
西	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
很	O	O
轻	O	O
微	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
暴	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
毒	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
测	O	O
试	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
应	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
商	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
领	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
环	O	O
节	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
以	O	O
票	O	O
管	O	O
税	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
弄	O	O
虚	O	O
作	O	O
假	O	O
者	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
上	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
暴	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
脆	O	O
给	O	O
你	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
空	O	O
白	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
你	O	O
填	O	O
写	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
在	O	O
修	O	O
理	O	O
摩	O	O
托	O	O
车	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
们	O	O
又	O	O
体	O	O
味	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
咂	O	O
咂	O	O
嘴	O	O
却	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
痛	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
街	O	O
头	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
低	O	O
劣	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
一	O	O
）	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
差	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
势	O	O
在	O	O
必	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
和	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
物	O	O
中	O	O
毒	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
数	O	O
与	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
无	O	O
证	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
商	O	O
贩	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
过	O	O
街	O	O
头	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
鱼	O	O
龙	O	O
混	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
街	O	O
头	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
却	O	O
在	O	O
悄	O	O
悄	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
着	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
心	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
任	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
系	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
我	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
华	B-PER	B-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
篆	O	O
刻	O	O
研	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
其	O	O
刻	O	O
印	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
让	O	O
须	O	O
眉	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
她	O	O
绘	O	O
画	O	O
上	O	O
沉	O	O
着	O	O
的	O	O
笔	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
章	O	O
法	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
秦	O	O
汉	O	O
玺	O	O
印	O	O
的	O	O
诱	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
华	B-PER	B-PER
云	E-PER	I-PER
真	O	E-PER
、	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
隶	O	O
、	O	O
草	O	O
兼	O	O
擅	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
二	O	O
王	S-PER	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
则	O	O
力	O	O
追	O	O
汉	O	O
魏	O	O
风	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
寓	O	O
秀	O	O
媚	O	O
于	O	O
劲	O	O
健	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
灵	O	O
脱	O	O
俗	O	O
，	O	O
迥	O	O
异	O	O
时	O	O
辈	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
幼	O	O
承	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
孜	O	O
孜	O	O
以	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
曾	O	O
随	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
水	O	O
彩	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
冉	B-PER	O
熙	E-PER	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
西	O	O
画	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
转	O	O
习	O	O
国	O	O
画	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
谈	O	O
得	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
篆	O	O
刻	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
品	O	O
《	O	O
荷	O	O
花	O	O
栖	O	O
鸟	O	O
》	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
际	O	O
水	O	O
墨	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
奖	O	O
；	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
《	O	O
秋	O	O
趣	O	O
》	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	E-LOC	E-LOC
百	O	O
家	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
画	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
大	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
连	B-PER	O
经	E-PER	O
考	O	O
入	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	E-ORG
附	I-ORG	O
中	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
过	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
西	O	O
洋	O	O
绘	O	O
画	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
描	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
彩	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
为	O	O
老	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
品	O	O
以	O	O
诗	O	O
为	O	O
魂	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
书	O	O
为	O	O
骨	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
线	O	O
条	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
的	O	O
韵	O	O
律	O	O
美	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
典	O	O
雅	O	O
神	O	O
逸	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
沉	O	O
隽	O	O
永	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
采	O	O
照	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
画	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O

焉	B-LOC	B-LOC
耆	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
『	O	O
花	O	O
儿	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
『	B-ORG	B-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
』	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

『	B-ORG	B-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
』	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
里	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
花	O	O
儿	O	O
』	O	O
歌	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

半	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
请	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
厨	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
俩	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
夫	O	O
妻	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
没	O	O
白	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
络	O	O
绎	O	O
不	O	O
绝	O	O
的	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
回	O	O
头	O	O
客	O	O
”	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
壮	O	O
了	O	O
胆	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
手	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
夫	O	O
妻	O	O
俩	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
配	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
夜	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
寐	O	O
。	O	O

说	O	O
干	O	O
就	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
便	O	O
在	O	O
魏	B-LOC	B-LOC
公	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
附	O	O
近	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
合	O	O
适	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
房	O	O
主	O	O
签	O	O
了	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
便	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
他	O	O
只	O	O
探	O	O
了	O	O
6	O	O
次	O	O
亲	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

站	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
友	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
道	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
鼓	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
戴	O	O
红	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
熔	O	O
铸	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
睦	O	O
相	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
反	O	O
两	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
拿	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
吃	O	O
来	O	O
做	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
地	O	O
请	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
捕	O	O
风	O	O
捉	O	O
影	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
犯	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
触	O	O
犯	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O

每	O	O
个	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
士	O	O
兵	O	O
、	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
概	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
不	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O

恭	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
所	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
恭	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
“	O	O
绝	O	O
招	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
妙	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
恰	O	O
恰	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
所	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
抓	O	O
实	O	O
干	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
很	O	O
少	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
、	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
差	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
在	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
上	O	O
把	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
很	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
最	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
寿	O	O
命	O	O
为	O	O
两	O	O
到	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O

高	O	O
等	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
封	O	O
闭	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
内	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O

工	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
划	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
。	O	O

米	B-ORG	B-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
梅	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
声	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
“	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
7	O	O
”	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
是	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
享	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
专	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O

值	O	O
得	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
石	B-ORG	B-ORG
油	I-ORG	I-ORG
输	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
实	O	O
施	O	O
减	O	O
产	O	O
保	O	O
价	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
口	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
展	O	O
销	O	O
会	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
智	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
圣	B-LOC	B-LOC
地	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
阿	B-ORG	B-LOC
尔	I-ORG	I-LOC
多	I-ORG	I-LOC
拉	I-ORG	I-LOC
斯	I-ORG	I-LOC
孔	I-ORG	I-LOC
德	I-ORG	I-LOC
斯	I-ORG	I-LOC
商	I-ORG	I-LOC
业	I-ORG	I-LOC
中	I-ORG	I-LOC
心	E-ORG	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

年	O	O
初	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
复	O	O
苏	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
催	O	O
化	O	O
剂	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
济	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
局	O	O
势	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
风	O	O
波	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
延	O	O
迟	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
复	O	O
苏	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
是	O	O
基	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
正	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
经	B-ORG	O
合	I-ORG	O
组	I-ORG	O
织	E-ORG	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
密	O	O
集	O	O
型	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
下	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
和	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
和	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
伦	B-LOC	B-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
抛	O	O
售	O	O
泰	O	O
币	O	O
，	O	O
购	O	O
进	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
先	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
坡	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
仍	O	O
无	O	O
济	O	O
于	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

菲	B-ORG	B-ORG
律	I-ORG	I-ORG
宾	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
日	O	O
前	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
各	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
存	O	O
款	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
金	O	O
比	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
松	O	O
银	O	O
根	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O

马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
财	B-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
易	I-PER	I-PER
卜	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
欣	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
拯	O	O
救	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
使	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
地	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
复	O	O
苏	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	O
日	I-ORG	O
铁	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
浦	B-ORG	O
项	I-ORG	O
制	I-ORG	O
铁	E-ORG	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
参	O	O
股	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
铁	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
浦	B-ORG	B-ORG
项	I-ORG	I-ORG
制	I-ORG	I-ORG
铁	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
正	O	O
在	O	O
就	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
持	O	O
股	O	O
事	O	O
宜	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
。	O	O

加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拿	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
重	O	O
罚	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
加	B-ORG	B-ORG
拿	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
麦	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
伦	E-PER	E-PER
近	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
《	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
犯	O	O
有	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
量	O	O
刑	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
可	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
可	O	O
判	O	O
处	O	O
终	O	O
身	O	O
监	O	O
禁	O	O
。	O	O

三	O	O
是	O	O
八	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
谈	O	O
及	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
许	O	O
多	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
指	O	O
控	O	O
墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
银	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
走	O	O
私	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
洗	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
苦	O	O
无	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
证	O	O
据	O	O
。	O	O

洗	O	O
钱	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
到	O	O
墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
哥	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
秘	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
卷	O	O
入	O	O
此	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
职	O	O
员	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
哈	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
施	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
邦	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
至	O	O
4	O	O
8	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
温	O	O
已	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
两	O	O
周	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
于	O	O
酷	O	O
热	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
9	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
和	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
奈	B-LOC	B-LOC
良	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
寺	E-LOC	E-LOC
今	O	O
天	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
大	O	O
火	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
“	O	O
鉴	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
尚	O	O
座	O	O
像	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
数	O	O
件	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
宝	O	O
级	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
被	O	O
烧	O	O
损	O	O
。	O	O

应	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
士	E-LOC	I-LOC
联	O	I-LOC
邦	O	E-LOC
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
挪	B-LOC	B-LOC
威	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
相	O	O
、	O	O
保	B-LOC	B-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
古	B-ORG	B-ORG
巴	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
、	O	O
摩	B-LOC	B-LOC
洛	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
王	O	O
储	O	O
、	O	O
斯	B-LOC	B-LOC
洛	I-LOC	I-LOC
文	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
相	O	O
、	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
迪	I-LOC	I-LOC
瓦	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
多	B-LOC	B-PER
米	I-LOC	I-PER
尼	I-LOC	I-PER
加	E-LOC	E-PER
总	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
等	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
团	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
外	B-ORG	B-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
龙	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
图	E-PER	E-PER
作	O	O
为	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
员	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
蛮	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
对	O	O
付	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
要	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
量	O	O
子	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
还	O	O
较	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O

光	O	O
脉	O	O
冲	O	O
的	O	O
频	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
飞	O	O
秒	O	O
级	O	O
、	O	O
光	O	O
存	O	O
储	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
三	O	O
维	O	O
光	O	O
全	O	O
息	O	O
存	O	O
储	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
高	O	O
性	O	O
能	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
外	O	O
存	O	O
储	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
光	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
光	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
带	O	O
宽	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O

玛	B-PER	B-PER
丽	I-PER	I-PER
亚	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
家	O	O
被	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
长	O	O
寿	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

厄	B-LOC	B-LOC
瓜	I-LOC	I-LOC
多	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
长	O	O
寿	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
妪	O	O
玛	B-PER	B-PER
丽	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
皮	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
病	O	O
逝	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
应	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
检	I-ORG	I-ORG
察	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
玩	O	O
忽	O	O
职	O	O
守	O	O
和	O	O
滥	O	O
用	O	O
职	O	O
权	O	O
罪	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

姜	B-PER	B-PER
庆	I-PER	I-PER
植	E-PER	E-PER
直	O	O
到	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
生	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
兼	O	O
财	B-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
官	O	O
。	O	O

装	O	O
瓶	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
线	O	O
每	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
灌	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
—	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
瓶	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
跟	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

波	B-ORG	B-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	E-ORG
企	I-ORG	O
业	E-ORG	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
座	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
三	O	O
种	O	O
波	B-ORG	B-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
牌	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
皮	O	B-PER
尔	O	I-PER
森	O	E-PER
型	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
占	O	O
八	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
瓶	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
罐	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
路	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
溶	O	O
解	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
酵	O	O
剂	O	O
的	O	O
微	O	O
粒	O	O
沉	O	O
淀	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
久	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
与	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
厂	O	O
。	O	O

莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
桑	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
希	B-PER	B-PER
萨	I-PER	I-PER
诺	E-PER	E-PER
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
哨	O	O
声	O	O
波	O	O
信	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
推	O	O
断	O	O
出	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
离	O	O
层	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
活	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
磁	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
哨	O	O
声	O	O
波	O	O
和	O	O
甚	O	O
低	O	O
频	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
等	O	O
离	O	O
子	O	O
体	O	O
波	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
声	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
各	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
鸟	O	O
叫	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
合	O	O
声	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
调	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
调	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
闪	O	O
电	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
天	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
频	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
磁	O	O
波	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
寂	O	O
寥	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
来	O	O
悦	O	O
耳	O	O
动	O	O
听	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
”	O	O
？	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
管	B-PER	B-PER
彦	I-PER	I-PER
忠	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
与	I-ORG	I-ORG
加	I-ORG	I-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
比	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
年	O	O
会	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
巴	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
奥	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
涅	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
塔	I-LOC	I-LOC
德	E-LOC	E-LOC
闭	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

爱	B-LOC	B-ORG
丁	I-LOC	I-ORG
堡	E-LOC	I-ORG
赫	B-ORG	I-ORG
里	I-ORG	I-ORG
奥	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
—	I-ORG	I-ORG
瓦	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
可	O	O
油	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
晶	O	O
体	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
六	O	O
种	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
占	O	O
据	O	O
上	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
巧	O	O
克	O	O
力	O	O
外	O	O
观	O	O
、	O	O
口	O	O
感	O	O
俱	O	O
佳	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
纳	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
近	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
向	O	O
邻	O	O
国	O	O
输	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
也	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
也	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
恩	B-PER	O
克	I-PER	B-PER
鲁	I-PER	I-PER
玛	E-PER	E-PER
政	O	O
府	O	O
被	O	O
推	O	O
翻	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
纳	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	O	O
立	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
恩	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
鲁	I-PER	I-PER
玛	E-PER	E-PER
把	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
松	I-ORG	I-ORG
博	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
站	E-ORG	E-ORG
看	O	O
作	O	O
加	B-LOC	O
纳	E-LOC	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
由	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
大	O	O
坝	O	O
和	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
便	O	O
破	O	O
土	O	O
动	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O

早	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
艾	B-PER	B-PER
伯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
基	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
就	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
夸	B-LOC	O
胡	E-LOC	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
有	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
铝	O	O
土	O	O
矿	O	O
。	O	O

电	O	O
站	O	O
装	O	O
有	O	O
6	O	O
台	O	O
功	O	O
率	O	O
各	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
坝	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
端	O	O
建	O	O
有	O	O
泄	O	O
洪	O	O
闸	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
米	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
参	O	O
展	O	O
书	O	O
商	O	O
和	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
还	O	O
请	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
购	O	O
书	O	O
者	O	O
大	O	O
增	O	O
。	O	O

世	B-ORG	B-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
如	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
边	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
就	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
誉	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
期	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
级	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瓦	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
半	I-LOC	I-LOC
球	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
暖	O	O
冬	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
因	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
对	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
短	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
到	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

加	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
不	O	O
振	O	O
。	O	O

委	B-ORG	B-ORG
内	I-ORG	I-ORG
瑞	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
石	I-ORG	I-ORG
油	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
将	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
3	O	O
8	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
亿	O	O
玻	O	O
利	O	B-PER
瓦	O	I-PER
尔	O	E-PER
（	O	O
合	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
威	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
第	O	O
纳	O	O
尔	O	O
（	O	O
合	O	O
6	O	O
6	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
四	O	O
成	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

科	B-LOC	B-LOC
威	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	E-LOC	E-LOC
石	O	O
油	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
萨	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
赫	E-PER	E-PER
惊	O	O
呼	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
威	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	E-LOC	E-LOC
带	O	O
来	O	O
“	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
灾	O	O
难	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
了	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
在	O	O
低	O	O
价	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
徘	O	O
徊	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
走	O	O
势	O	O
扑	O	O
朔	O	O
迷	O	O
离	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
闪	O	O
电	O	O
—	O	O
m	O	O
”	O	O
或	O	O
“	O	O
联	O	B-ORG
盟	O	E-ORG
—	O	O
2	O	O
”	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
将	O	O
把	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
飞	O	O
船	O	O
送	O	O
入	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
微	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
很	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
进	O	O
高	O	O
温	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
提	O	O
炼	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
。	O	O

华	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
街	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
士	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
猜	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
信	O	O
业	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
太	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
话	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
与	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
贝	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
信	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
进	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
的	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
却	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
挫	O	O
折	O	O
。	O	O

鉴	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
将	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
5	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
辞	O	O
退	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
到	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
劳	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O

印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
或	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
有	O	O
亲	O	O
朋	O	O
好	O	O
友	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
或	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
车	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
辆	O	O
。	O	O

总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
把	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
摆	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
和	O	O
造	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
、	O	O
尊	O	O
师	O	O
重	O	O
教	O	O
、	O	O
崇	O	O
尚	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
亿	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
投	O	O
身	O	O
于	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
。	O	O

历	O	O
史	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
漫	O	O
步	O	O
月	B-LOC	O
球	E-LOC	O
到	O	O
登	O	O
陆	O	O
火	B-LOC	B-LOC
星	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
一	O	O
“	O	O
表	O	O
”	O	O
牵	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
恶	O	O
劣	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
米	I-ORG	I-ORG
茄	E-ORG	E-ORG
超	O	O
霸	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
x	O	O
—	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
表	O	O
是	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
信	O	O
赖	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
米	I-ORG	I-ORG
茄	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
所	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
超	O	O
霸	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
x	O	O
—	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
钛	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
轻	O	O
盈	O	O
灵	O	O
巧	O	O
、	O	O
坚	O	O
实	O	O
耐	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
舒	O	O
适	O	O
等	O	O
优	O	O
点	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
惊	O	O
叹	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
休	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
现	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
几	O	O
点	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
做	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
做	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
与	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
白	O	O
天	O	O
和	O	O
黑	O	O
夜	O	O
之	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
时	O	O
表	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
载	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
朗	E-PER	I-PER
登	O	E-PER
上	O	O
月	B-LOC	O
球	E-LOC	O
时	O	O
佩	O	O
戴	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
米	I-ORG	I-ORG
茄	E-ORG	E-ORG
超	O	O
霸	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
月	B-LOC	B-LOC
球	E-LOC	E-LOC
表	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
高	O	O
估	O	O
无	O	O
形	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
不	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
误	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
者	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
索	O	O
取	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
所	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
再	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
所	O	O
要	O	O
花	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O

至	O	O
于	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
则	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
极	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
本	O	O
《	O	O
列	B-PER	O
子	E-PER	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
魏	O	O
晋	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
托	O	O
名	O	O
战	O	O
国	O	O
列	B-PER	O
御	I-PER	O
寇	E-PER	O
所	O	O
著	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
搞	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
其	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
是	O	O
谁	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
夹	O	O
进	O	O
《	O	O
庄	B-PER	O
子	E-PER	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
楚	O	O
辞	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O

非	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
形	O	O
态	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
著	O	O
述	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
受	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
谈	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
让	O	O
渡	O	O
获	O	O
取	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
所	O	O
得	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
低	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
形	O	O
态	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
形	O	O
态	O	O
中	O	O
分	O	O
化	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
（	O	O
指	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
就	O	O
只	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O

市	O	O
场	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
等	O	O
价	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
让	O	O
渡	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
蕴	O	O
含	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
萌	O	O
芽	O	O
。	O	O

商	O	O
品	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
要	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
或	O	O
不	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
归	O	O
属	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O

9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
代	O	O
用	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
全	B-ORG	O
国	I-ORG	O
燃	I-ORG	O
气	I-ORG	O
汽	I-ORG	O
车	I-ORG	O
工	I-ORG	O
作	I-ORG	O
领	I-ORG	O
导	I-ORG	O
小	I-ORG	O
组	E-ORG	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
搞	O	O
代	O	O
用	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
代	O	O
用	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
辆	O	O
燃	O	O
气	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

布	B-PER	B-PER
伦	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
兰	E-PER	E-PER
女	O	O
士	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
七	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
就	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
企	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
算	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
被	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
邦	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
长	O	O
斯	B-PER	B-PER
库	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
托	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
护	B-ORG	O
法	I-ORG	O
机	I-ORG	O
关	I-ORG	O
领	I-ORG	O
导	I-ORG	O
人	I-ORG	B-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
调	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
俄	S-LOC	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
假	O	O
酒	O	O
泛	O	O
滥	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
假	O	O
酒	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
份	O	O
新	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
澳	S-LOC	O
的	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
占	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
减	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
出	O	O
卖	O	O
国	O	O
营	O	O
电	O	O
讯	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
则	O	O
将	O	O
锐	O	O
减	O	O
到	O	O
只	O	O
占	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

企	O	O
业	O	O
更	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
亿	O	O
的	O	O
退	O	O
税	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
受	O	O
益	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
立	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
和	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
：	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
拨	O	O
款	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
亿	O	O
澳	O	O
元	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
公	O	O
费	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
立	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
诊	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
澳	O	O
元	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O

应	O	O
该	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
份	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
凡	O	O
响	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
是	O	O
澳	S-LOC	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
将	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
亿	O	O
澳	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
盈	O	O
余	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
白	O	O
皮	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
在	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
新	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
希	B-LOC	B-LOC
腊	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
雅	B-LOC	B-LOC
典	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
股	O	O
市	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
自	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
跌	O	O
破	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
点	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
渐	O	O
呈	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
1	O	O
周	O	O
间	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
盛	I-LOC	I-LOC
顿	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
古	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
化	O	O
石	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
祖	O	O
先	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
能	O	O
直	O	O
立	O	O
行	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
所	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
早	O	O
了	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

舆	O	O
论	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
韩	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
“	I-ORG	O
小	I-ORG	O
天	I-ORG	O
使	I-ORG	O
”	I-ORG	O
艺	I-ORG	O
术	I-ORG	O
团	E-ORG	O
访	O	O
朝	S-LOC	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
高	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
金	B-PER	B-PER
正	I-PER	I-PER
日	E-PER	E-PER
4	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
应	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	I-LOC	I-LOC
半	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	O
南	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
后	O	O
成	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
该	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
团	O	O
此	O	O
行	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	I-LOC	I-LOC
半	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	O
南	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
北	O	B-LOC
南	O	E-LOC
对	O	O
话	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
北	O	O
南	O	O
间	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
性	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

来	O	O
自	O	O
亚	S-LOC	O
、	O	O
非	S-LOC	O
、	O	O
拉	S-LOC	B-ORG
三	O	I-ORG
大	O	I-ORG
洲	O	I-ORG
1	B-ORG	I-ORG
5	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
展	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
在	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
森	I-PER	I-PER
施	I-PER	I-PER
廷	I-PER	I-PER
格	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
案	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
风	O	O
波	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

主	O	O
办	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
共	O	O
发	O	O
售	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
8	O	O
万	O	O
张	O	O
求	O	O
职	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
委	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瑞	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

正	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
澳	S-LOC	S-LOC
联	O	O
邦	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
委	O	B-ORG
托	O	I-ORG
联	B-ORG	I-ORG
邦	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
效	I-ORG	I-ORG
率	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
赌	O	O
博	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O

阿	B-PER	B-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
曼	E-PER	E-PER
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
向	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
官	O	O
作	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
埃	B-ORG	B-ORG
及	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
石	I-ORG	I-ORG
油	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
储	O	O
油	O	O
站	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
先	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
油	O	O
罐	O	O
遭	O	O
雷	O	O
击	O	O
着	O	O
火	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
、	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
而	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
通	O	O
畅	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
趋	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
变	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
测	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
努	O	O
力	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
于	O	O
己	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
霸	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
图	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
因	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
而	O	O
减	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
有	O	O
识	O	O
之	O	O
士	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
比	O	O
疲	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
对	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
乃	O	O
至	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
都	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
；	O	O
但	O	O
从	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
仍	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
及	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
与	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
分	O	O
庭	O	O
抗	O	O
礼	O	O
。	O	O

进	O	O
入	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
此	O	O
起	O	O
彼	O	O
伏	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
与	O	O
应	O	O
变	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
几	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
欧	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
等	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
尼	B-LOC	B-LOC
日	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
能	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
撒	B-LOC	B-LOC
哈	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
南	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
白	O	O
白	O	O
燃	O	O
烧	O	O
掉	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
此	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
每	O	O
年	O	O
自	O	O
燃	O	O
烧	O	O
掉	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
于	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
。	O	O

依	O	O
靠	O	O
地	O	O
利	O	O
之	O	O
便	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
及	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
其	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
输	O	O
往	O	O
了	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

本	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
包	O	O
括	O	O
玉	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
粱	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
麦	O	O
和	O	O
燕	O	O
麦	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
粗	O	O
粮	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
·	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
粗	O	O
粮	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
6	O	O
·	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
康	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
：	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
胞	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
卫	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
一	O	O
向	O	O
很	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
当	O	O
局	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
下	O	O
向	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
两	B-LOC	O
岸	E-LOC	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
当	O	O
局	O	O
又	O	O
唆	O	O
使	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
卫	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
内	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
或	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
中	S-LOC	O
一	O	O
台	S-LOC	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
侵	O	O
犯	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
主	O	O
权	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
土	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
然	O	O
违	O	O
背	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
宪	O	O
章	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
和	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
、	O	O
违	O	O
背	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
届	O	O
卫	B-ORG	B-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
未	O	O
经	O	O
表	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

泽	B-PER	B-PER
鲁	I-PER	I-PER
阿	I-PER	I-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
1	B-ORG	B-ORG
5	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
所	O	O
能	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
。	O	O

欧	O	O
元	O	O
硬	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
值	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
8	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
分	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
分	O	O
、	O	O
5	O	O
分	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
、	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
和	O	O
2	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
用	O	O
复	O	O
合	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

原	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
波	B-ORG	B-ORG
音	E-ORG	E-ORG
7	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
和	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
型	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
注	O	O
册	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
2	O	O
架	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
架	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
加	S-LOC	S-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
买	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
松	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
4	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
成	O	O
两	O	O
家	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
空	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
幽	O	O
默	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
她	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
同	O	O
它	O	O
打	O	O
交	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
它	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
味	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
剧	O	O
变	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拿	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
银	O	O
行	O	O
若	O	O
墨	O	O
守	O	O
成	O	O
规	O	O
，	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
并	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
惜	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
非	O	O
理	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
社	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
媒	O	O
介	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
多	O	O
有	O	O
煽	O	O
情	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
文	O	O
和	O	O
捉	O	O
女	O	O
巫	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
狂	O	O
热	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

知	O	O
识	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
重	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
将	O	O
遭	O	O
挫	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
内	O	O
售	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
饮	O	O
料	O	O
约	O	O
合	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
亿	O	O
箱	O	O
（	O	O
每	O	O
箱	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
听	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
饮	O	O
料	O	O
机	O	O
售	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
散	O	O
装	O	O
饮	O	O
料	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
占	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

布	B-ORG	B-ORG
歇	I-ORG	I-ORG
赫	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
核	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
站	E-ORG	E-ORG
先	O	O
由	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
承	O	O
建	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
由	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
帮	O	O
助	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O

迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
已	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
人	O	O
失	O	O
踪	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
家	O	O
可	O	O
归	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
和	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
感	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
沦	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
二	O	O
流	O	O
中	O	O
等	O	O
强	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
其	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
局	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
雄	O	O
心	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
国	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
私	O	O
有	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
来	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
国	O	O
债	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
预	O	O
算	O	O
净	O	O
摊	O	O
款	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
报	O	O
刊	O	O
惊	O	O
呼	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
用	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
钱	O	O
去	O	O
达	O	O
标	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
可	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
货	B-ORG	B-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
或	O	O
里	O	O
拉	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
削	O	O
减	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

加	O	O
之	O	O
法	S-LOC	O
、	O	O
德	S-LOC	S-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
如	O	O
期	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
普	B-PER	B-PER
罗	I-PER	I-PER
迪	E-PER	E-PER
权	O	O
衡	O	O
再	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
硬	O	O
着	O	O
头	O	O
皮	O	O
闯	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
债	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
就	O	O
占	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
4	O	O
。	O	O

意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
能	O	O
否	O	O
搭	O	O
上	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
“	O	O
头	O	O
班	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
也	O	O
曾	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O

意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
最	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
今	O	O
如	O	O
愿	O	O
以	O	O
偿	O	O
，	O	O
普	B-PER	B-PER
罗	I-PER	I-PER
迪	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
理	O	O
欢	O	O
呼	O	O
“	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
翻	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
页	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
接	O	O
轨	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
行	O	O
矫	O	O
正	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
人	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
行	O	O
再	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
被	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
方	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
的	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
中	O	O
断	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
的	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
释	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
联	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
向	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
扩	O	O
散	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
次	O	O
第	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
雁	O	O
行	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
会	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
联	O	O
动	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
债	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
汇	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
期	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
联	O	O
动	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
能	O	O
见	O	O
度	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
。	O	O

市	O	O
场	O	O
出	O	O
清	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
到	O	O
结	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
最	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
首	O	O
当	O	O
其	O	O
冲	O	O
。	O	O

信	O	O
息	O	O
差	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
预	O	O
期	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
看	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
（	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
札	O	O
记	O	O
）	O	O

政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
惊	O	O
喜	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
少	I-PER	I-PER
奇	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
接	O	O
见	O	O
爸	O	O
爸	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
居	O	O
然	O	O
没	O	O
被	O	O
收	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
阿	O	O
姨	O	O
把	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
涂	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
墨	O	O
汁	O	O
，	O	O
夹	O	O
在	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
掖	O	O
在	O	O
书	O	O
柜	O	O
底	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
揩	O	O
尽	O	O
墨	O	O
汁	O	O
，	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
仍	O	O
光	O	O
洁	O	O
如	O	O
初	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
夜	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
黑	O	O
黑	O	O
，	O	O
雪	O	O
茫	O	O
茫	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
清	O	O
家	O	O
门	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
没	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
按	O	O
了	O	O
门	O	O
铃	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
巾	O	O
帼	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
”	O	O
便	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
女	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
称	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
皇	O	O
上	O	O
论	O	O
功	O	O
行	O	O
赏	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
功	O	O
居	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
花	B-PER	O
木	I-PER	O
黎	E-PER	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
龙	O	O
心	O	O
大	O	O
喜	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
见	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
将	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
命	O	O
大	O	O
元	B-PER	O
戎	E-PER	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
请	O	O
。	O	O

针	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
妇	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
了	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
调	O	O
适	O	O
课	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
；	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
“	O	O
巾	O	O
帼	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
请	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
台	O	O
现	O	O
身	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
择	O	O
业	O	O
观	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O

天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
妇	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
四	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O

千	O	O
万	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
冷	O	O
言	O	O
恶	O	O
语	O	O
刺	O	O
伤	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
慰	O	O
和	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
刻	O	O
比	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
都	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

妈	O	O
听	O	O
了	O	O
凤	B-PER	O
荣	E-PER	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
就	O	O
给	O	O
她	O	O
一	O	O
巴	O	O
掌	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
没	O	O
出	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
由	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
你	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
姐	O	O
妹	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
元	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
及	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
株	O	O
柚	O	O
苗	O	O
、	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
吨	O	O
化	O	O
肥	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O

河	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
勐	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
解	O	O
放	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
沿	O	O
袭	O	O
日	O	O
出	O	O
而	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	O
落	O	O
而	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
把	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
责	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
、	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
并	O	O
肩	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
着	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
仍	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
朝	O	O
小	O	O
野	O	O
大	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
朝	O	O
野	O	O
两	O	O
派	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
姜	B-PER	B-PER
庆	I-PER	I-PER
植	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
未	O	O
知	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O

调	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
曾	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
职	O	O
权	O	O
迫	O	O
使	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
向	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
朋	O	O
好	O	O
友	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
于	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
极	O	O
不	O	O
情	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
科	B-PER	B-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
理	O	O
曾	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
应	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
联	O	O
盟	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
才	O	O
应	O	O
是	O	O
经	B-ORG	B-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
展	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
及	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-ORG
洲	E-LOC	I-ORG
中	O	I-ORG
心	O	E-ORG
出	O	O
现	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
的	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
巨	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
货	O	O
币	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
同	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
挂	O	O
钩	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
强	O	O
烈	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
法	O	O
郎	O	O
对	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
邦	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
货	B-ORG	B-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
重	O	O
新	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O

法	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
经	I-ORG	O
济	I-ORG	O
和	I-ORG	O
财	I-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
施	B-PER	B-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
劳	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
—	I-PER	I-PER
卡	I-PER	I-PER
恩	E-PER	E-PER
曾	O	O
直	O	O
言	O	O
不	O	O
讳	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
希	O	O
望	O	O
从	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
手	O	O
中	O	O
夺	O	O
回	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
利	O	I-ORG
用	O	I-ORG
货	B-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
首	O	O
先	O	O
只	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
国	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
另	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
1	B-ORG	O
1	I-ORG	O
国	I-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
若	B-PER	O
斯	I-PER	O
潘	E-PER	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
1	B-ORG	O
1	I-ORG	O
国	I-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
变	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
实	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

半	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
坚	O	O
持	O	O
原	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
杜	B-PER	B-PER
伊	I-PER	I-PER
森	I-PER	I-PER
贝	I-PER	I-PER
赫	E-PER	E-PER
出	O	O
任	O	O
首	O	O
任	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
始	O	O
终	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
撤	O	O
回	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
希	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
若	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
潘	E-PER	E-PER
突	O	O
然	O	O
联	O	O
名	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
行	O	O
长	O	O
特	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
希	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
置	O	O
于	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
被	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O

刚	O	O
刚	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
布	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
塞	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
通	O	O
行	O	O
证	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

欧	O	O
元	O	O
与	O	O
德	S-LOC	S-LOC
法	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
（	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
之	O	O
二	O	O
）	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
和	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
进	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
转	O	O
让	O	O
其	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
关	E-ORG	E-ORG
5	O	O
日	O	O
向	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
驻	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
使	I-ORG	I-ORG
馆	E-ORG	E-ORG
归	O	O
还	O	O
了	O	O
4	O	O
7	O	O
件	O	O
被	O	O
查	O	O
获	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
古	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
届	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
动	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
于	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	I-LOC
里	B-LOC	I-LOC
约	I-LOC	I-LOC
热	I-LOC	I-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
卢	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
电	O	O
能	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
储	O	O
能	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
能	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
便	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
须	O	O
臾	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O

建	O	O
设	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
电	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
论	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
输	O	O
电	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
f	O	O
a	O	O
c	O	O
t	O	O
s	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
网	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
年	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
停	O	O
电	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
先	O	O
例	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
电	O	O
在	O	O
下	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
“	O	O
东	O	B-LOC
山	O	E-LOC
再	O	O
起	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
电	O	O
力	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
举	O	O
足	O	O
轻	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

除	O	O
了	O	O
源	O	O
头	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
烟	O	O
气	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
作	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
煤	O	O
气	O	O
化	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
（	O	O
i	O	O
g	O	O
c	O	O
c	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
压	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
流	O	O
化	O	O
床	O	O
（	O	O
p	O	O
f	O	O
b	O	O
c	O	O
）	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
清	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	E-ORG
电	I-ORG	O
机	I-ORG	O
系	E-ORG	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
院	O	O
士	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
在	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
％	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
对	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
将	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O

亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
向	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
归	O	O
还	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O

这	O	O
颗	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
由	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
休	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
制	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
卫	I-ORG	I-ORG
星	I-ORG	I-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
信	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
所	O	O
有	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
圣	B-LOC	B-LOC
玛	I-LOC	I-LOC
丽	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
附	O	O
近	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
阿	O	O
劳	O	O
龟	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
营	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
龟	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
是	O	O
捕	O	O
龟	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
禁	O	O
不	O	O
止	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
只	O	O
龟	O	O
背	O	O
直	O	O
径	O	O
达	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
厘	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
约	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
母	O	O
龟	O	O
也	O	O
被	O	O
放	O	O
回	O	O
大	O	O
河	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
库	I-LOC	I-LOC
乔	I-LOC	I-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
从	O	O
小	O	O
贩	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
查	O	O
获	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
复	O	O
苏	O	O
和	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

欧	O	O
元	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
日	O	O
俱	O	O
增	O	O
。	O	O

联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
丁	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
和	I-ORG	I-ORG
加	I-ORG	I-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
比	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
共	O	O
计	O	O
达	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
下	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
现	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
典	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
大	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
新	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
边	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

鲁	B-PER	B-PER
杰	I-PER	I-PER
罗	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
加	O	O
入	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
于	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
就	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
算	O	O
是	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
性	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
所	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
偷	O	O
盗	O	O
者	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
出	O	O
手	O	O
这	O	O
幅	O	O
名	O	O
画	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
交	O	O
通	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
两	O	O
旁	O	O
焚	O	O
烧	O	O
野	O	O
草	O	O
所	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
烟	O	O
雾	O	O
是	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
新	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
极	O	O
细	O	O
的	O	O
软	O	O
导	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
无	O	O
痛	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O

研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
用	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
鼠	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
可	O	O
使	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
鼠	O	O
免	O	O
受	O	O
致	O	O
癌	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
侵	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O

截	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-ORG	O
行	E-ORG	O
在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
向	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
或	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
与	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
在	O	O
尼	S-LOC	O
南	O	O
部	O	O
缴	O	O
获	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
可	O	O
卡	O	O
因	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O

警	O	O
方	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
架	O	O
型	O	O
号	O	O
为	O	O
l	O	O
e	O	O
a	O	O
r	O	O
—	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
a	O	O
的	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
证	O	O
实	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
佛	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
达	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
洛	B-LOC	B-LOC
德	I-LOC	I-LOC
代	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
堡	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	I-LOC	I-LOC
际	I-LOC	I-LOC
机	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
失	O	O
踪	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
约	B-LOC	B-LOC
翰	I-LOC	I-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
堡	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
新	I-PER	I-PER
烽	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
头	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
日	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
的	O	O
超	O	O
级	O	O
奶	O	O
牛	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
于	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	B-LOC	O
普	I-LOC	O
敦	E-LOC	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O

杜	S-PER	S-PER
氏	O	O
曾	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
称	O	O
对	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
是	O	O
强	O	O
币	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
弱	O	O
币	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
废	O	O
话	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
杜	S-PER	S-PER
氏	O	O
上	O	O
台	O	O
后	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
奉	O	O
行	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
低	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
低	O	O
通	O	O
胀	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
还	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
后	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
央	B-ORG	O
行	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
杜	S-PER	S-PER
氏	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
既	O	O
能	O	O
抗	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
又	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

英	B-ORG	B-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
行	O	O
长	O	O
乔	B-PER	O
治	E-PER	O
称	O	O
杜	S-PER	S-PER
氏	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

舆	O	O
论	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
杜	S-PER	S-PER
氏	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
移	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
盾	O	O
与	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
马	O	O
克	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
低	O	O
通	O	O
胀	O	O
和	O	O
低	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
创	O	O
立	O	O
使	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
所	O	O
仰	O	O
慕	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
模	O	O
式	O	O
”	O	O
立	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
汗	O	O
马	O	O
功	O	O
劳	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
杜	S-PER	S-PER
氏	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
摘	O	O
掉	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
病	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
帽	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
称	O	O
。	O	O

早	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
杜	S-PER	S-PER
氏	O	O
就	O	O
学	O	O
于	O	O
荷	B-ORG	B-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	E-ORG
经	I-ORG	O
济	I-ORG	O
系	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
先	O	O
留	O	O
校	O	O
任	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
到	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
登	O	O
上	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
布	B-ORG	B-ORG
雷	I-ORG	I-ORG
顿	I-ORG	I-ORG
森	I-ORG	I-ORG
林	E-ORG	E-ORG
体	O	O
系	O	O
崩	O	O
溃	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
内	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
深	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
们	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
历	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
《	O	O
马	S-LOC	S-LOC
约	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
负	O	O
责	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
出	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
差	O	O
别	O	O
和	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
之	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
行	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
选	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
家	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
社	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
厂	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
共	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O

西	B-ORG	B-ORG
藏	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
社	O	O
长	O	O
旺	B-PER	O
久	E-PER	O
在	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

参	O	O
加	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
日	B-LOC	O
内	I-LOC	O
瓦	E-LOC	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瓦	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	I-LOC	I-LOC
际	I-LOC	I-LOC
展	I-LOC	I-LOC
览	I-LOC	I-LOC
中	I-LOC	I-LOC
心	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
版	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
在	O	O
捷	B-LOC	B-LOC
克	E-LOC	E-LOC
边	O	O
陲	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
赫	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
诺	I-LOC	I-LOC
夫	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
图	O	O
片	O	O
展	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
捷	B-LOC	B-LOC
克	E-LOC	E-LOC
当	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O

法	B-ORG	B-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
现	O	O
任	O	O
行	O	O
长	O	O
届	O	O
时	O	O
接	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
名	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
轻	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
食	O	O
品	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
科	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
临	B-LOC	B-LOC
沂	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
庄	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
临	B-ORG	O
沂	I-ORG	O
孙	I-ORG	B-ORG
武	I-ORG	I-ORG
食	I-ORG	I-ORG
品	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
报	O	O
到	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
与	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
雪	I-PER	I-PER
菊	E-PER	E-PER
商	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
妇	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
肖	B-PER	B-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
所	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
“	O	O
春	O	O
蕾	O	O
”	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
。	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
玉	I-PER	I-PER
芬	E-PER	E-PER
看	O	O
在	O	O
眼	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
鼓	O	O
作	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
焦	O	O
化	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
器	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
甲	O	O
醛	O	O
厂	O	O
等	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
占	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
搞	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O

实	O	O
现	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
从	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
剩	O	O
余	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

天	B-ORG	O
象	E-ORG	O
人	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
陶	O	O
醉	O	O
和	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
与	O	O
香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
普	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
了	O	O
平	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
官	B-LOC	B-LOC
庄	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
青	B-ORG	B-ORG
岛	I-ORG	I-ORG
普	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
具	I-ORG	I-ORG
配	I-ORG	I-ORG
件	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
青	B-ORG	B-ORG
岛	I-ORG	I-ORG
普	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
纸	I-ORG	I-ORG
制	I-ORG	I-ORG
品	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
铅	O	O
笔	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
配	O	O
套	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
石	O	O
墨	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
长	O	O
足	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
富	O	O
力	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
吉	I-PER	I-PER
庆	E-PER	E-PER
临	O	O
危	O	O
受	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
铺	O	O
盖	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

九	B-ORG	B-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
的	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
理	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
把	O	O
非	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
民	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
倍	O	O
感	O	O
振	O	O
奋	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
物	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
：	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
圣	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
九	B-ORG	B-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
代	O	O
表	O	O
、	O	O
湖	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
红	I-ORG	I-ORG
桃	I-ORG	I-ORG
k	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
裁	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
2	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
所	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	B-ORG
营	O	I-ORG
企	O	I-ORG
业	O	I-ORG
红	B-ORG	I-ORG
桃	I-ORG	I-ORG
k	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
股	I-ORG	I-ORG
份	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
数	O	O
年	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
着	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
、	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
、	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
等	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
红	B-ORG	O
桃	I-ORG	O
k	E-ORG	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

图	O	O
为	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
村	I-ORG	I-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
康	I-ORG	I-ORG
食	I-ORG	I-ORG
用	I-ORG	I-ORG
菌	I-ORG	I-ORG
开	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
责	I-ORG	I-ORG
任	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
生	O	O
产	O	O
车	O	O
间	O	O
一	O	O
角	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
与	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
找	O	O
准	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
与	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
与	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
对	O	O
立	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
华	I-PER	I-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
平	O	O
时	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
选	O	O
他	O	O
当	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

后	O	O
三	O	O
人	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
紧	O	O
俏	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
净	O	O
赚	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

苦	O	O
于	O	O
无	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
他	O	O
与	O	O
两	O	O
户	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
雄	O	O
心	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
了	O	O
乡	O	O
磷	O	O
肥	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
当	O	O
头	O	O
一	O	O
棒	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
摸	O	O
爬	O	O
滚	O	O
打	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
与	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
磨	O	O
炼	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
高	B-PER	B-PER
允	I-PER	I-PER
连	E-PER	E-PER
创	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
打	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
坚	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O

乡	O	O
镇	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
在	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O

安	B-PER	B-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
要	O	O
求	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
禁	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
不	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
对	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
。	O	O

声	O	O
明	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
证	O	O
实	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
估	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
及	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

麦	B-PER	B-PER
柯	I-PER	I-PER
里	E-PER	E-PER
指	O	O
责	O	O
金	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
奇	E-PER	E-PER
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
挑	O	O
衅	O	O
性	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
言	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

阿	B-PER	O
科	I-PER	O
皮	I-PER	O
扬	E-PER	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
向	O	O
亚	S-LOC	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
称	O	O
这	O	O
批	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
和	O	O
缝	O	O
纫	O	O
机	O	O
对	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
亚	S-LOC	S-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
伊	B-PER	B-PER
卜	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
依	I-PER	I-PER
莫	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
并	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
梦	O	O
想	O	O
着	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
波	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
多	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
正	I-PER	I-PER
学	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
果	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
毅	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
中	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
波	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
多	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
佩	E-PER	E-PER
亲	O	O
切	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
分	O	O
享	O	O
的	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
爱	I-ORG	I-ORG
地	I-ORG	I-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
爱	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
所	O	O
能	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
架	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
迈	B-PER	B-PER
达	I-PER	I-PER
尼	E-PER	E-PER
此	O	O
次	O	O
视	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
冲	O	O
突	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
及	O	O
近	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
阿	S-LOC	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
备	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	B-ORG
表	O	I-ORG
团	O	E-ORG
同	O	O
挪	B-ORG	B-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
合	O	O
作	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
位	O	O
挪	B-LOC	B-LOC
威	E-LOC	E-LOC
学	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
可	O	O
耻	O	O
行	O	O
径	O	O
理	O	O
所	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
地	O	O
激	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
愤	O	O
慨	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
。	O	O

费	B-PER	B-PER
萨	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
亲	O	O
王	O	O
将	O	O
法	B-PER	B-PER
赫	I-PER	I-PER
德	E-PER	E-PER
国	O	O
王	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
封	O	O
亲	O	O
笔	O	O
信	O	O
转	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
德	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
度	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
紧	O	O
张	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
共	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
、	O	O
肝	O	O
胆	O	O
相	O	O
照	O	O
、	O	O
荣	O	O
辱	O	O
与	O	O
共	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
参	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
哈	I-LOC	I-LOC
兹	E-LOC	E-LOC
武	O	O
装	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
同	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
格	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
吉	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
格	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
吉	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
哈	I-LOC	I-LOC
兹	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
格	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
签	O	O
署	O	O
停	O	O
火	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
些	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
和	O	O
二	O	O
级	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
过	O	O
二	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
过	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
切	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
诺	I-LOC	I-LOC
贝	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
核	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
抢	O	O
险	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
未	O	O
满	O	O
7	O	O
周	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

距	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
远	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
了	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
“	O	O
宰	O	O
客	O	O
”	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
中	O	O
巴	O	O
”	O	O
外	O	O
观	O	O
漂	O	O
亮	O	O
，	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
戈	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
比	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
公	O	O
交	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
铁	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
多	O	O
出	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
戈	O	O
比	O	O
。	O	O

基	B-LOC	O
辅	E-LOC	O
街	O	O
头	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
小	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
地	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
瞧	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
油	O	O
漆	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
来	O	O
得	O	O
及	O	O
洗	O	O
净	O	O
呢	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
刚	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
完	O	O
‘	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
六	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
’	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
之	O	O
行	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
纳	B-PER	B-PER
扎	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
耶	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
此	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
海	B-LOC	O
湾	E-LOC	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
到	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
投	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
有	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
问	O	O
到	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
后	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
否	O	O
会	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
纳	B-PER	B-PER
扎	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
耶	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
着	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
朗	I-ORG	I-ORG
伊	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
和	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
讯	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
哈	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
米	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
拉	B-PER	B-PER
腊	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
富	I-LOC	I-LOC
汗	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
伊	O	O
斯	O	O
兰	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
应	O	O
当	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
在	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
猖	O	O
狂	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
法	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
对	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
被	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
向	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
售	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-LOC
度	I-ORG	E-LOC
报	I-ORG	O
业	I-ORG	O
托	I-ORG	B-PER
拉	I-ORG	I-PER
斯	E-ORG	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
正	O	O
筹	O	O
划	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
反	O	O
核	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
设	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
库	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
局	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
长	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
议	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
哈	B-PER	B-PER
比	I-PER	I-PER
比	E-PER	E-PER
进	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
响	O	O
应	O	O
“	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
准	O	O
则	O	O
”	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
8	O	O
条	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
：	O	O
如	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
要	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
；	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
；	O	O
要	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
国	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
法	S-LOC	S-LOC
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
：	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
届	O	O
国	B-ORG	O
际	I-ORG	O
新	I-ORG	O
闻	I-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
2	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
参	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
间	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
是	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
法	S-LOC	S-LOC
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
正	I-PER	I-PER
学	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
果	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
毅	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
参	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
友	I-ORG	I-ORG
好	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
向	O	O
莫	B-PER	B-PER
诺	I-PER	I-PER
里	E-PER	E-PER
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
议	O	O
长	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
到	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
贵	O	O
国	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
专	B-ORG	O
门	I-ORG	O
委	I-ORG	O
员	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
友	B-ORG	B-ORG
好	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	E-ORG	E-ORG
及	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
访	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
，	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
大	O	O
好	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
“	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
五	O	O
霸	O	O
”	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
用	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
福	B-ORG	O
特	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
丰	I-ORG	I-ORG
田	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
众	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
戴	B-ORG	B-ORG
姆	I-ORG	I-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
／	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
莱	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
勒	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

当	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
老	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
劳	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
莱	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
大	I-ORG	O
众	E-ORG	O
与	O	O
宝	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
间	O	O
择	O	O
枝	O	O
而	O	O
栖	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
还	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
趣	O	O
；	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
奔	I-ORG	I-ORG
驰	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
莱	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
宣	O	O
布	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
戴	B-ORG	B-ORG
姆	I-ORG	I-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
／	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
莱	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
汽	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
惊	O	O
讶	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
几	O	O
大	O	O
巨	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
巨	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
照	O	O
完	O	O
相	O	O
坐	O	O
上	O	O
车	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
麻	O	O
烦	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
陷	O	O
进	O	O
积	O	O
雪	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
车	O	O
轮	O	O
在	O	O
雪	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
打	O	O
滑	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
使	O	O
劲	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
车	O	O
轮	O	O
越	O	O
往	O	O
下	O	O
陷	O	O
。	O	O

阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
酋	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
哈	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
丹	E-PER	E-PER
昨	O	O
天	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
阿	S-LOC	S-LOC
伊	S-LOC	S-LOC
双	O	O
方	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
在	O	O
睦	O	O
邻	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
曾	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-ORG
来	I-LOC	I-ORG
西	I-LOC	I-ORG
亚	E-LOC	I-ORG
公	O	I-ORG
司	O	E-ORG
。	O	O

伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
哈	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
齐	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
根	O	O
本	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
参	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
新	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
该	O	O
邦	O	O
的	O	O
多	B-LOC	O
普	I-LOC	O
尔	E-LOC	O
及	O	O
贾	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
瓦	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
已	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
达	O	O
4	O	O
9	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
贾	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	I-LOC	I-LOC
邦	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
8	O	O
人	O	O
因	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
酷	O	O
热	O	O
而	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
无	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
击	O	O
队	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
、	O	O
果	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
场	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
名	O	O
劫	O	O
机	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
挫	O	O
败	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
起	O	O
劫	O	O
机	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
常	O	O
年	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	I-LOC	E-LOC
国	I-LOC	O
际	I-LOC	O
书	I-LOC	O
店	E-LOC	O
代	O	O
销	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	I-LOC	I-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
图	O	O
书	O	O
节	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
届	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
正	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
与	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
找	O	O
出	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

洛	B-PER	B-PER
德	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
双	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
还	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
缩	O	O
小	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
8	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	B-LOC
陆	O	E-LOC
海	O	O
岸	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
4	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
岛	O	O
岸	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
五	O	O
六	O	O
千	O	O
个	O	O
岛	O	O
屿	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
书	O	O
从	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	B-ORG
际	O	I-ORG
银	O	I-ORG
行	O	E-ORG
贷	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
期	O	O
货	O	O
与	O	O
期	O	O
权	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
地	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
实	O	O
务	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
零	O	O
售	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

旧	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
断	O	O
代	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
被	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
史	O	O
计	O	O
量	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
种	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
侧	O	O
重	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
“	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
望	O	O
而	O	O
却	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
惯	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
尚	O	O
不	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
侧	O	O
重	O	O
于	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
、	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
后	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
差	O	O
别	O	O
和	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O

主	O	O
张	O	O
关	O	O
税	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
所	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
衰	O	O
落	O	O
的	O	O
夕	O	O
阳	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
或	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

主	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
）	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
李	S-PER	S-PER
氏	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
内	O	O
核	O	O
是	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
论	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
际	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
某	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
来	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
来	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

主	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
）	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
是	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
劳	O	O
动	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

关	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
和	O	O
多	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
：	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
；	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
；	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
分	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
学	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
边	O	O
缘	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

许	O	O
多	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
（	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
）	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
与	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
偏	O	O
重	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
此	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
把	O	O
向	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
看	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
智	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
从	O	O
其	O	O
属	O	O
性	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
属	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
源	O	O
泉	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
是	O	O
能	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
源	O	O
泉	O	O
。	O	O

知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
将	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
上	O	O
找	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
以	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
路	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
今	O	O
天	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

智	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
归	O	O
根	O	O
结	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
化	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
来	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
智	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
以	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
为	O	O
内	O	O
核	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
智	O	O
力	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
其	O	O
最	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
含	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
一	O	O
职	O	O
终	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
开	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
季	B-PER	B-PER
羡	I-PER	I-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
老	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
就	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
远	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
样	O	O
做	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
好	O	O
像	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
替	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
要	O	O
比	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
强	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

教	O	O
育	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
、	O	O
鸟	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
翼	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
着	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
而	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O

漯	S-LOC	O
珍	O	O
一	O	O
号	O	O
被	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
新	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
。	O	O

漯	S-LOC	O
珍	O	O
一	O	O
号	O	O
黑	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
育	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
漯	B-ORG	B-ORG
河	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
农	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
钊	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
黑	O	O
色	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
『	O	O
漯	S-LOC	O
珍	O	O
一	O	O
号	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O

蒋	B-PER	B-PER
新	I-PER	I-PER
松	E-PER	E-PER
事	O	O
迹	O	O
成	O	O
书	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
《	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
机	O	O
器	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
父	O	O
蒋	B-PER	B-PER
新	I-PER	I-PER
松	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
由	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
推	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

编	O	O
写	O	O
和	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
这	O	O
套	O	O
《	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
尚	O	O
武	O	O
报	O	O
国	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O

专	O	O
家	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
将	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
4	O	O
至	O	O
5	O	O
次	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
性	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
沿	O	O
海	O	O
1	O	O
至	O	O
2	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
沿	O	O
岸	O	O
2	O	O
至	O	O
3	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

灾	O	O
害	O	O
性	O	O
海	O	O
浪	O	O
、	O	O
海	O	O
冰	O	O
、	O	O
厄	O	O
尔	O	O
尼	O	O
诺	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
或	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
洋	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
布	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O

这	O	O
项	O	O
审	O	O
核	O	O
的	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
量	O	O
比	O	O
历	O	O
次	O	O
审	O	O
核	O	O
的	O	O
都	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
有	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
、	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

7	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
审	O	O
核	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
点	O	O
；	O	O
审	O	O
定	O	O
《	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
简	O	O
介	O	O
》	O	O
；	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
和	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
用	O	O
书	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
位	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
举	O	O
行	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
评	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O

改	O	O
革	O	O
给	O	O
戏	B-ORG	O
校	E-ORG	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O

戏	B-ORG	B-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
负	O	O
责	O	O
招	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
监	O	O
控	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
这	O	O
根	O	O
圆	O	O
杠	O	O
像	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
腕	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
径	O	O
仅	O	O
为	O	O
5	O	O
厘	O	O
米	O	O
；	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
单	O	O
跷	O	O
落	O	O
杠	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
思	O	O
议	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
年	O	O
半	O	O
后	O	O
即	O	O
随	O	O
戏	O	O
校	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
继	I-PER	I-PER
珠	E-PER	E-PER
老	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
赴	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
演	O	O
出	O	O
折	O	O
子	O	O
戏	O	O
《	O	O
扈	B-LOC	O
家	I-LOC	O
庄	E-LOC	O
》	O	O
。	O	O

吉	B-ORG	B-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
次	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
铺	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O

艺	O	O
术	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
生	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
实	O	O
习	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
春	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
如	O	O
雷	O	O
贯	O	O
耳	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
师	B-ORG	O
大	I-ORG	O
附	I-ORG	O
小	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
解	B-ORG	O
放	I-ORG	O
大	I-ORG	O
路	I-ORG	O
小	I-ORG	O
学	E-ORG	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
找	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
执	O	O
意	O	O
强	O	O
留	O	O
。	O	O

除	O	O
了	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
戏	O	O
曲	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
和	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
趋	O	O
向	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
容	O	O
量	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
被	O	O
开	O	O
掘	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
：	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
师	O	O
资	O	O
缺	O	O
口	O	O
达	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
！	O	O

有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
都	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
戏	B-ORG	B-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
改	O	O
革	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
缺	O	O
一	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
届	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
周	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
由	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
语	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
牵	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
八	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
共	O	O
培	O	O
育	O	O
粮	O	O
、	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
菌	O	O
、	O	O
菜	O	O
新	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
8	O	O
2	O	O
项	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
国	O	O
甲	O	O
乙	O	O
级	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
c	O	O
a	O	O
d	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

各	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
都	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
“	O	O
短	O	O
平	O	O
快	O	O
”	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
较	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
福	O	B-ORG
利	O	I-ORG
院	O	E-ORG
开	O	O
展	O	O
义	O	O
诊	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
市	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
8	O	O
万	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
少	O	O
生	O	O
快	O	O
富	O	O
标	O	O
兵	O	O
户	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
新	O	O
婚	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
富	O	O
后	O	O
生	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
『	O	O
与	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
贩	O	O
运	O	O
和	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
福	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
涌	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
如	O	O
冠	B-ORG	O
捷	I-ORG	O
电	I-ORG	O
子	E-ORG	O
（	O	O
监	O	O
视	O	O
器	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-LOC
华	I-ORG	E-LOC
映	I-ORG	O
管	E-ORG	O
（	O	O
显	O	O
像	O	O
管	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
耀	B-ORG	O
华	I-ORG	O
玻	I-ORG	O
璃	E-ORG	O
（	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
三	B-ORG	O
协	I-ORG	O
精	I-ORG	O
机	E-ORG	O
（	O	O
d	O	O
v	O	O
d	O	O
读	O	O
取	O	O
头	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
尼	B-ORG	B-PER
普	I-ORG	I-PER
洛	E-ORG	E-PER
（	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
肾	O	O
透	O	O
析	O	O
器	O	O
）	O	O
等	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
后	O	O
劲	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
豆	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
动	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
划	I-ORG	I-ORG
办	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
室	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
蒋	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
大	O	O
豆	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
琳	O	O
琅	O	O
满	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
豆	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
千	O	O
家	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O

山	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	B-LOC	B-LOC
青	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
陕	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
白	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
已	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
豆	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
所	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
欠	O	O
佳	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
身	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
体	O	O
重	O	O
均	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
。	O	O

企	O	O
办	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
会	O	O
闭	O	O
幕	O	O

与	O	O
会	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
给	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
；	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
等	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
5	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
名	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
中	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
次	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
化	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
把	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
9	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
贵	B-ORG	B-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
及	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
为	O	O
“	B-ORG	O
视	I-ORG	O
觉	I-ORG	O
第	I-ORG	O
一	I-ORG	O
中	I-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
动	I-ORG	I-ORG
”	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
疗	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
送	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

华	B-ORG	B-ORG
夏	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
将	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
初	O	O
中	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

患	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
治	O	O
愈	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
率	O	O
由	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
·	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
·	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
沈	B-ORG	B-ORG
阳	I-ORG	I-ORG
铁	I-ORG	I-ORG
路	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	I-ORG	I-ORG
吉	I-ORG	I-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
铁	B-ORG	B-ORG
道	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-LOC	O
区	E-LOC	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
3	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
旋	O	O
窑	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
窑	O	O
尾	O	O
余	O	O
热	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
前	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
有	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
的	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
新	B-LOC	O
区	E-LOC	O
在	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
对	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
苏	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
新	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
被	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
i	O	O
s	O	O
o	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
认	O	O
证	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
桂	I-PER	I-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
讲	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
悦	O	O
是	O	O
花	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
钱	O	O
也	O	O
买	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
买	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
桂	I-PER	I-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
太	O	O
多	O	O
太	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
风	B-LOC	B-LOC
云	I-LOC	I-LOC
二	I-LOC	I-LOC
号	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
已	O	O
上	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
跟	O	O
陈	S-PER	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
昔	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
桂	I-PER	I-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
感	O	O
慨	O	O
万	O	O
分	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
强	O	O
盛	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
跟	O	O
你	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
地	O	O
采	O	O
挖	O	O
中	S-LOC	O
草	O	O
药	O	O
和	O	O
沙	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
使	O	O
植	O	O
被	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
了	O	O
草	O	O
地	O	O
沙	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
源	O	O
涵	O	O
养	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
黄	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
径	O	O
流	O	O
量	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

湟	B-LOC	B-LOC
水	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
通	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
近	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
条	O	O
流	O	O
域	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
河	O	O
流	O	O
汇	O	O
入	O	O
黄	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
占	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
黄	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
水	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
4	O	O
9	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
变	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
判	O	O
定	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
近	O	O
代	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
波	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

刘	B-PER	B-PER
佛	I-PER	I-PER
丁	E-PER	E-PER
与	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
玉	I-PER	I-PER
茹	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
于	B-PER	O
建	I-PER	O
玮	E-PER	O
合	O	O
著	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
由	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
书	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
并	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
了	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
和	O	O
眼	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
后	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
风	O	O
云	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
变	O	O
幻	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
盘	O	O
散	O	O
沙	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
悲	O	O
剧	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
重	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
强	O	O
国	O	O
富	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
党	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
以	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
信	O	O
赖	O	O
的	O	O
党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O

产	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
界	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
晰	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
是	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
。	O	O

主	O	O
要	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
）	O	O
厂	O	O
商	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
像	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
微	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
所	O	O
假	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
力	O	O
图	O	O
使	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
（	O	O
或	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
者	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
化	O	O
？	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
博	O	O
弈	O	O
论	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
”	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
微	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

还	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
按	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
按	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
在	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
和	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
在	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
与	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
上	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
按	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
使	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
在	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
哪	O	O
种	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
当	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
地	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
按	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
在	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
性	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
并	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
按	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
各	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
者	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
。	O	O

于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
由	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
特	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
都	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
要	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
各	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
者	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
者	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
种	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
赖	O	O
以	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
分	O	O
属	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

早	O	O
在	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
按	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
（	O	O
或	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
）	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
现	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
。	O	O

模	O	O
范	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
（	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O

洪	B-PER	B-PER
堡	E-PER	E-PER
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
是	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
“	O	O
百	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
入	O	O
选	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

专	O	O
家	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
：	O	O
帮	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
养	O	O
成	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
饮	O	O
食	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
贾	B-PER	B-PER
西	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
气	I-ORG	I-ORG
象	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
专	O	O
家	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
异	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
汛	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
报	O	O
送	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
选	O	O
题	O	O
有	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
批	O	O
选	O	O
题	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
侧	O	O
重	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
与	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
和	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
对	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-ORG	B-ORG
苏	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
顾	B-PER	B-PER
浩	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
环	I-ORG	I-ORG
资	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
曲	B-PER	B-PER
格	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
济	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
服	O	O
务	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

建	O	O
院	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
鲁	B-ORG	B-ORG
美	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
为	O	O
已	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
而	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
勉	O	O
自	O	O
励	O	O
：	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
先	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
全	O	O
景	O	O
画	O	O
《	O	O
攻	O	B-LOC
克	O	I-LOC
锦	B-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
》	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
鲁	B-ORG	B-ORG
美	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
丝	O	O
毫	O	O
的	O	O
懈	O	O
怠	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
地	O	O
再	O	O
现	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
时	O	O
任	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
惠	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
领	O	O
衔	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
赴	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	E-LOC	I-LOC
清	B-LOC	I-LOC
川	I-LOC	I-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
解	B-ORG	B-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
某	O	O
部	O	O
体	O	O
验	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
绘	O	O
制	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
创	B-ORG	O
作	I-ORG	O
组	E-ORG	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
要	O	O
登	O	O
升	O	O
降	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
挥	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
几	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
用	O	O
长	O	O
棍	O	O
绑	O	O
缚	O	O
的	O	O
画	O	O
笔	O	O
或	O	O
油	O	O
刷	O	O
，	O	O
昼	O	O
夜	O	O
加	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
忘	O	O
我	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
毛	B-LOC	S-PER
主	I-LOC	O
席	I-LOC	O
纪	I-LOC	O
念	I-LOC	O
堂	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
毛	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
雕	O	O
像	O	O
（	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
景	O	O
画	O	O
《	O	O
攻	O	B-LOC
克	O	I-LOC
锦	B-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
清	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	I-LOC	I-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
畔	O	O
围	O	O
歼	O	O
战	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
抚	B-LOC	B-LOC
顺	E-LOC	I-LOC
雷	B-LOC	I-LOC
锋	I-LOC	I-LOC
纪	I-LOC	I-LOC
念	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
雷	B-PER	B-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
塑	O	O
像	O	O
、	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
龙	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	I-LOC	I-LOC
公	I-LOC	I-LOC
园	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
浮	O	O
雕	O	O
、	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
九	B-LOC	B-LOC
一	I-LOC	I-LOC
八	I-LOC	I-LOC
纪	I-LOC	I-LOC
念	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
的	O	O
残	O	O
历	O	O
碑	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
恩	I-PER	I-PER
来	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
联	O	O
名	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
鲁	B-ORG	B-ORG
艺	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
创	O	O
立	O	O
缘	O	O
起	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
次	O	O
《	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
细	O	O
密	O	O
画	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
展	O	O
》	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
著	O	O
名	O	O
细	O	O
密	O	O
画	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
法	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
希	I-PER	I-PER
奇	I-PER	I-PER
扬	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
江	I-PER	I-PER
普	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
绘	O	O
画	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
社	O	O
在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
回	O	O
归	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
画	O	O
册	O	O
、	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
体	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
专	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
校	O	O
园	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
达	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
：	O	O
应	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
或	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
做	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
；	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
或	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
；	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
；	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
班	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
习	O	O
班	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
或	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
对	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
等	O	O
；	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
；	O	O
教	B-ORG	B-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
或	O	O
驻	O	O
外	O	O
使	O	O
（	O	O
领	O	O
）	O	O
馆	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
处	O	O
（	O	O
组	O	O
）	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

示	O	O
范	O	O
区	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
样	O	O
板	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
超	O	O
前	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
性	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
与	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
；	O	O
所	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
及	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O

绿	O	O
色	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
门	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
从	O	O
源	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
不	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
和	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
中	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
懂	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
懂	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
区	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
的	O	O
占	O	O
6	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
6	O	O
6	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
名	O	O
、	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
3	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
6	O	O
4	O	O
7	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
清	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
院	O	O
所	O	O
都	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
源	O	O
源	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
的	O	O
智	O	O
力	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
上	O	O
黄	B-PER	O
宏	I-PER	O
生	E-PER	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
创	B-ORG	O
维	I-ORG	O
集	I-ORG	O
团	E-ORG	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
斥	O	O
资	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	E-ORG
创	I-ORG	O
维	E-ORG	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
师	O	O
生	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
由	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
他	O	O
被	O	O
清	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
免	O	O
试	O	O
录	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
程	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
他	O	O
被	O	O
诊	O	O
断	O	O
为	O	O
晚	O	O
期	O	O
肺	O	O
癌	O	O
。	O	O

广	O	O
泛	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
地	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
《	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
儿	O	O
童	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
；	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
“	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
做	O	O
表	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

济	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
市	O	O
”	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
（	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
委	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

希	O	O
望	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
人	O	O
口	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
出	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
和	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
9	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
座	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
壮	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
天	O	O
文	O	O
馆	O	O
耸	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
京	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	O	O
郊	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
人	O	O
造	O	O
星	O	O
空	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
“	O	O
到	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
去	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
身	O	O
临	O	O
其	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
筹	O	O
建	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-ORG
京	I-LOC	I-ORG
天	I-LOC	I-ORG
文	I-LOC	I-ORG
馆	E-LOC	E-ORG
的	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
元	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
卞	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
培	E-PER	E-PER
参	O	O
与	O	O
了	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
、	O	O
选	O	O
址	O	O
、	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
落	O	O
成	O	O
等	O	O
全	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

卞	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
培	E-PER	E-PER
回	O	O
忆	O	O
起	O	O
这	O	O
段	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
良	O	O
多	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
折	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

那	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
卞	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
培	E-PER	E-PER
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
幻	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
寄	O	O
到	O	O
天	O	O
文	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
好	O	O
是	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
元	E-PER	E-PER
收	O	O
到	O	O
并	O	O
回	O	O
了	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
元	E-PER	E-PER
与	O	O
卞	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
培	E-PER	E-PER
初	O	O
识	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
高	B-PER	B-PER
卢	I-PER	I-PER
麟	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
苏	B-LOC	B-LOC
联	E-LOC	I-LOC
莫	B-ORG	I-LOC
斯	I-ORG	I-LOC
科	I-ORG	E-LOC
地	I-ORG	O
质	I-ORG	O
勘	I-ORG	O
探	I-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
半	O	O
学	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
苏	B-LOC	B-LOC
联	E-LOC	E-LOC
技	O	O
术	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
副	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
级	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
敏	O	O
捷	O	O
，	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
、	O	O
流	O	O
畅	O	O
，	O	O
风	O	O
度	O	O
潇	O	O
洒	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
人	O	O
汪	B-PER	B-PER
忠	I-PER	I-PER
镐	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
争	O	O
得	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
地	O	O
让	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
“	O	O
出	O	O
彩	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
口	O	O
浪	O	O
尖	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

成	O	O
功	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
起	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
独	O	O
辟	O	O
蹊	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
校	O	O
生	B-ORG	O
命	I-ORG	O
科	I-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
英	I-PER	I-PER
国	E-PER	E-PER
培	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
光	O	O
敏	O	O
核	O	O
不	O	O
育	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
珞	O	O
珈	O	O
粘	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
马	O	O
协	O	O
6	O	O
3	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
新	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
孝	B-LOC	O
感	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
随	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
仙	B-LOC	O
桃	E-LOC	O
等	O	O
地	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
，	O	O
米	O	O
质	O	O
好	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
抗	O	O
病	O	O
力	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
湖	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
列	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
碳	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
后	O	O
期	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
校	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
测	O	O
试	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
并	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
占	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

生	B-ORG	O
命	I-ORG	O
科	I-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
廷	I-PER	I-PER
壁	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
卟	O	O
啉	O	O
铁	O	O
补	O	O
血	O	O
剂	O	O
”	O	O
被	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
桃	I-ORG	I-ORG
k	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
采	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
4	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
湖	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
型	O	O
支	O	O
柱	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

武	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
研	O	O
制	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
镍	O	O
氢	O	O
等	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
高	O	O
能	O	O
可	O	O
充	O	O
电	O	O
池	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
上	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
医	O	O
药	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
和	O	O
火	O	O
炬	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
药	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
“	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

进	O	O
针	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
快	O	O
如	O	O
闪	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
不	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
1	O	O
秒	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
称	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
四	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
：	O	O
进	O	O
针	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
手	O	O
法	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
得	O	O
气	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
效	O	O
快	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
还	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
四	O	O
句	O	O
歌	O	O
谣	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
针	O	O
一	O	O
穴	O	O
术	O	O
者	O	O
善	O	O
用	O	O
均	O	O
治	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
百	O	O
药	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
医	O	O
家	O	O
达	O	O
变	O	O
皆	O	O
疗	O	O
疾	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
沉	O	O
疴	O	O
堪	O	O
求	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
疾	O	O
家	O	O
可	O	O
为	O	O
师	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
针	O	O
刺	O	O
止	O	O
痛	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
针	O	O
刺	O	O
经	O	O
络	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
穴	O	O
位	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
经	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
气	O	O
传	O	O
入	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
整	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
即	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

手	O	O
三	O	O
针	O	O
、	O	O
足	O	O
三	O	O
针	O	O
各	O	O
为	O	O
后	O	O
溪	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
渚	O	O
、	O	O
间	O	O
谷	O	O
，	O	O
太	O	O
冲	O	O
、	O	O
内	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
足	O	O
临	O	O
泣	O	O
穴	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
全	O	O
身	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
穴	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
庞	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
。	O	O

原	O	O
冶	B-ORG	B-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
所	O	O
属	O	O
沈	B-ORG	B-LOC
阳	I-ORG	E-LOC
工	I-ORG	O
业	I-ORG	O
高	I-ORG	O
等	I-ORG	O
专	I-ORG	O
科	I-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
校	E-ORG	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
校	O	O
园	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
宽	O	O
敞	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
致	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
。	O	O

保	B-ORG	B-ORG
定	I-ORG	I-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
品	O	O
学	O	O
兼	O	O
优	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
奖	O	O
学	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
员	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
向	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
子	O	O
女	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
用	O	O
具	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
川	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	I-LOC	I-LOC
公	I-LOC	I-LOC
路	E-LOC	E-LOC
边	O	O
的	O	O
林	B-LOC	B-LOC
芝	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
排	B-LOC	B-LOC
龙	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
徒	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
。	O	O

出	O	O
村	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
行	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
雅	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
藏	I-LOC	I-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
峡	O	O
谷	O	O
。	O	O

扎	B-LOC	O
曲	E-LOC	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
门	O	O
巴	O	O
族	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
聚	O	O
居	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
村	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O

用	O	O
沼	O	O
液	O	O
叶	O	O
喷	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
病	O	O
虫	O	O
害	O	O
大	O	O
为	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
能	O	O
节	O	O
省	O	O
农	O	O
药	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
肥	O	O
款	O	O
六	O	O
七	O	O
百	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
能	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
出	O	O
无	O	O
公	O	O
害	O	O
无	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
口	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
逆	O	O
向	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
曹	B-LOC	B-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
已	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
从	O	O
胎	O	O
教	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
．	O	O
9	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
校	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
生	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
．	O	O
8	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
受	O	O
过	O	O
初	O	O
中	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
曹	B-LOC	B-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
还	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
‰	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
已	O	O
降	O	O
为	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
‰	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
曹	B-ORG	B-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
划	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
用	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
本	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
被	O	O
载	O	O
入	O	O
《	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
年	O	O
鉴	O	O
》	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
史	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
婚	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
育	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
．	O	O
9	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
菏	B-LOC	B-LOC
泽	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
县	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
曹	B-LOC	B-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
跃	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
雄	O	O
厚	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
县	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
曹	B-LOC	B-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O

于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
两	O	O
种	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
抓	O	O
、	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
建	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
县	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
响	O	O
亮	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
肩	O	O
挑	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
跳	O	O
出	O	O
计	O	O
生	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
圈	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
三	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

曹	B-LOC	B-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
鲁	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
边	O	O
沿	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
欠	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
策	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
淡	O	O
薄	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
生	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
倒	O	O
数	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
书	O	O
博	O	O
采	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
性	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

转	O	O
轨	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
异	O	O
常	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
成	O	O
答	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
以	O	O
透	O	O
彻	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
拉	O	O
动	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
间	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
过	O	O
分	O	O
悬	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
中	O	O
低	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
和	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
又	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
；	O	O
四	O	O
是	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
等	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
狭	O	O
窄	O	O
。	O	O

郑	B-PER	B-PER
新	I-PER	I-PER
立	E-PER	E-PER
撰	O	O
文	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
：	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
（	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
文	O	O
摘	O	O
）	O	O

领	O	O
导	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
功	O	O
效	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
者	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
地	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
前	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
人	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
和	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
（	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
扫	O	O
描	O	O
）	O	O

强	O	O
调	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
建	O	O
构	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
目	O	O
前	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
向	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
取	O	O
决	O	O
于	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
与	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
决	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
与	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
谋	O	O
划	O	O
和	O	O
适	O	O
时	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
和	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
特	O	O
质	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
最	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

法	O	O
制	O	O
则	O	O
既	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
之	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
为	O	O
伴	O	O
。	O	O

强	O	O
调	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
对	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
。	O	O

法	O	O
制	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
奴	O	O
隶	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
对	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
“	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
”	O	O
两	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
见	O	O
仁	O	O
见	O	O
智	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
与	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
有	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
区	O	O
别	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
关	I-ORG	I-ORG
系	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	B-ORG
际	O	I-ORG
格	O	I-ORG
局	O	E-ORG
”	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
召	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
中	S-LOC	O
、	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
英	S-LOC	S-LOC
等	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
外	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
对	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
”	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
近	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
牵	O	O
线	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
与	O	O
武	B-ORG	B-ORG
警	I-ORG	I-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	I-ORG
联	O	I-ORG
办	O	I-ORG
骨	B-ORG	I-ORG
髓	I-ORG	I-ORG
炎	I-ORG	I-ORG
诊	I-ORG	I-ORG
疗	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
用	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
医	O	O
术	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
此	O	O
图	B-LOC	O
书	I-LOC	O
城	E-LOC	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
『	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
书	O	O
吧	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
爱	O	O
书	O	O
人	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
微	B-ORG	B-ORG
软	E-ORG	E-ORG
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
及	O	O
国	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	I-LOC	I-LOC
风	I-LOC	I-LOC
图	I-LOC	I-LOC
书	I-LOC	I-LOC
中	I-LOC	I-LOC
心	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
在	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
查	O	O
询	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
享	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
国	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
碧	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
舟	E-PER	E-PER
5	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
携	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
幅	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
远	O	O
赴	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
外	B-ORG	O
语	I-ORG	O
教	I-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
与	I-ORG	O
研	I-ORG	B-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	I-ORG	I-ORG
英	I-ORG	I-ORG
语	I-ORG	I-ORG
口	I-ORG	I-ORG
语	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-LOC
京	I-ORG	E-LOC
外	I-ORG	O
国	I-ORG	O
语	I-ORG	O
大	I-ORG	O
学	E-ORG	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
外	B-ORG	O
研	E-ORG	O
杯	O	O
”	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
英	O	O
语	O	O
辩	O	O
论	O	O
赛	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
复	B-ORG	B-ORG
旦	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
不	O	O
负	O	O
众	O	O
望	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
后	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
于	O	O
包	B-ORG	B-ORG
头	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
医	O	O
术	O	O
精	O	O
湛	O	O
，	O	O
操	O	O
刀	O	O
为	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
小	O	O
儿	O	O
麻	O	O
痹	O	O
症	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
矫	O	O
治	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
前	O	O
还	O	O
持	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
充	O	O
气	O	O
式	O	O
防	O	O
风	O	O
保	O	O
暖	O	O
手	O	O
套	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
4	O	O
项	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
专	O	O
利	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
奥	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
会	O	O
射	O	O
击	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
名	O	O
将	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
义	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
强	O	O
撑	O	O
病	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
勇	O	O
夺	O	O
银	O	O
牌	O	O
后	O	O
怆	O	O
然	O	O
倒	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
医	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
手	O	O
擎	O	O
药	O	O
瓶	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
输	O	O
液	O	O
救	O	O
治	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
3	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
、	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
考	O	O
古	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

雷	B-PER	B-PER
菊	I-PER	I-PER
芳	E-PER	E-PER
又	O	O
以	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
奇	B-ORG	O
正	E-ORG	O
痛	O	O
经	O	O
宁	O	O
、	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
胃	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
奇	B-ORG	O
正	E-ORG	O
洁	O	O
白	O	O
丸	O	O
、	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
心	O	O
脏	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
奇	B-ORG	O
正	E-ORG	O
珊	O	O
瑚	O	O
丸	O	O
等	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
省	O	O
部	O	O
级	O	O
准	O	O
字	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

坚	O	O
冰	O	O
虽	O	O
被	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
尚	O	O
待	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
在	O	O
雷	B-PER	B-PER
菊	I-PER	I-PER
芳	E-PER	E-PER
完	O	O
成	O	O
前	O	O
期	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
拼	O	O
力	O	O
向	O	O
着	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
藏	S-LOC	O
药	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
冲	O	O
刺	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
好	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
统	I-ORG	I-ORG
战	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
共	O	O
同	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
了	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
民	B-ORG	O
营	I-ORG	O
援	I-ORG	O
藏	I-ORG	S-LOC
考	I-ORG	O
察	I-ORG	O
团	E-ORG	O
。	O	O

后	O	O
来	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
件	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
使	O	O
她	O	O
把	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
投	O	O
向	O	O
藏	S-LOC	S-LOC
医	O	S-LOC
藏	S-LOC	S-LOC
药	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
防	O	O
腐	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
于	B-PER	B-PER
友	I-PER	I-PER
先	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
闻	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
署	E-ORG	E-ORG
作	O	O
为	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
”	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
把	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
到	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
微	O	O
观	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
给	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
介	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
；	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
读	O	O
物	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

7	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
可	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
吨	O	O
焦	O	O
煤	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
产	O	O
焦	O	O
炭	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
吨	O	O
、	O	O
煤	O	O
气	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
多	O	O
出	O	O
煤	O	O
焦	O	O
油	O	O
等	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

粉	O	O
煤	O	O
灰	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
煤	O	O
气	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
密	O	O
封	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
好	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
黑	B-LOC	B-LOC
龙	I-LOC	I-LOC
江	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
牡	B-ORG	O
丹	I-ORG	B-ORG
江	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
煤	I-ORG	I-ORG
气	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
把	O	O
粉	O	O
煤	O	O
灰	O	O
和	O	O
粘	O	O
土	O	O
按	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
成	O	O
焦	O	O
炉	O	O
密	O	O
封	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
先	O	O
河	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
流	O	O
于	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
会	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
与	O	O
智	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
终	O	O
身	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
等	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
国	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
所	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
。	O	O

人	B-ORG	B-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
测	I-ORG	I-ORG
绘	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
测	I-ORG	I-ORG
绘	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	E-ORG
综	I-ORG	O
合	I-ORG	O
国	I-ORG	O
情	I-ORG	O
地	I-ORG	O
理	I-ORG	O
信	I-ORG	O
息	I-ORG	O
系	I-ORG	O
统	I-ORG	O
（	I-ORG	O
9	I-ORG	O
2	I-ORG	O
0	I-ORG	O
2	I-ORG	O
工	I-ORG	O
程	I-ORG	O
）	I-ORG	O
课	I-ORG	O
题	I-ORG	O
组	E-ORG	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
”	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
；	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
于	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
黎	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
省	O	O
部	O	O
级	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
贾	B-PER	B-PER
西	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
测	I-ORG	I-ORG
绘	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
天	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
记	O	O
者	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
威	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
祖	I-PER	I-PER
甲	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
天	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
星	I-ORG	I-ORG
命	I-ORG	I-ORG
名	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
近	O	O
日	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
将	O	O
新	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
6	O	O
7	O	O
4	O	O
1	O	O
、	O	O
6	O	O
7	O	O
4	O	O
2	O	O
号	O	O
两	O	O
颗	O	O
小	O	O
行	O	O
星	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
以	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
科	O	O
普	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
元	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
卞	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
培	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
姓	O	O
名	O	O
命	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
及	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
适	O	O
宜	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
应	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
人	O	O
群	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
建	O	O
校	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
师	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O

至	O	O
于	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
人	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
天	I-PER	I-PER
然	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
几	O	O
台	O	O
就	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
几	O	O
台	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
坊	O	O
式	O	O
小	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
称	O	O
其	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
良	O	O
性	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
再	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
为	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
天	I-PER	I-PER
然	E-PER	E-PER
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
；	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
赶	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
固	O	O
然	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
叫	O	O
“	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
记	O	O
者	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
践	I-PER	I-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
明	I-PER	I-PER
方	E-PER	E-PER

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
书	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
哲	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
与	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-ORG
京	E-LOC	I-ORG
国	B-LOC	I-ORG
林	I-LOC	I-ORG
风	I-LOC	I-ORG
图	I-LOC	I-ORG
书	I-LOC	I-ORG
中	I-LOC	I-ORG
心	E-LOC	E-ORG
联	O	O
合	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
并	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
蔡	B-PER	O
元	I-PER	O
培	E-PER	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
已	O	O
为	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
所	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
培	O	O
养	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
与	O	O
革	O	O
新	O	O
先	O	O
锋	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
受	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

百	O	O
年	O	O
学	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
庆	O	O
典	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
令	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

五	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
绽	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
五	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
春	O	O
风	O	O
荡	O	O
漾	O	O
，	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
洋	O	O
溢	O	O
着	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O

7	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
四	O	O
”	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
烈	O	O
火	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
点	O	O
燃	O	O
；	O	O
7	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
代	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
今	O	O
宵	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
欢	O	O
聚	O	O
。	O	O

的	O	O
字	O	O
幅	O	O
，	O	O
夜	O	O
空	O	O
升	O	O
腾	O	O
起	O	O
“	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
百	O	O
年	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
呼	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O

彭	B-PER	B-PER
珮	I-PER	I-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
豪	I-PER	I-PER
才	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
录	O	O
像	O	O
带	O	O
将	O	O
下	O	O
发	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
分	O	O
院	O	O
和	O	O
直	O	O
属	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
以	O	O
原	O	O
沈	B-ORG	B-ORG
阳	I-ORG	I-ORG
自	I-ORG	I-ORG
动	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
所	O	O
长	O	O
蒋	B-PER	B-PER
新	I-PER	I-PER
松	E-PER	E-PER
院	O	O
士	O	O
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
引	O	O
向	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
开	O	O
花	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

背	O	O
景	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
端	O	O
坐	O	O
着	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
2	O	O
名	O	O
鞍	B-ORG	B-ORG
钢	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

古	O	O
代	O	O
志	O	O
士	O	O
马	O	O
革	O	O
裹	O	O
尸	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
流	O	O
击	O	O
楫	O	O
、	O	O
终	O	O
军	O	O
弃	O	O
绶	O	O
、	O	O
慷	O	O
慨	O	O
悲	O	O
歌	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
国	O	O
雄	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
下	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
鼓	O	O
起	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
腔	O	O
热	O	O
血	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
导	O	O
师	O	O
曾	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
他	O	O
换	O	O
个	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

高	O	O
中	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
多	O	O
所	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
来	O	O
函	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
他	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
送	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
了	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
复	I-ORG	I-ORG
旦	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

小	O	O
学	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
以	O	O
优	O	O
异	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
考	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
素	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
摇	O	O
篮	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
实	I-ORG	I-ORG
验	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

当	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
孩	O	O
提	O	O
之	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
立	O	O
志	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
崔	B-PER	B-PER
剑	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
出	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
济	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
个	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
。	O	O

紧	O	O
随	O	O
其	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
学	O	O
也	O	O
即	O	O
刻	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
营	O	O
救	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
学	O	O
则	O	O
驾	O	O
起	O	O
独	O	O
木	O	O
舟	O	O
划	O	O
向	O	O
救	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

崔	B-PER	B-PER
剑	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
连	O	O
衣	O	O
服	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
顾	O	O
得	O	O
脱	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
飞	O	O
身	O	O
跃	O	O
入	O	O
水	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
奋	O	O
力	O	O
向	O	O
溺	O	O
水	O	O
者	O	O
游	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
河	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
刺	O	O
耳	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
救	O	O
命	O	O
”	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O

崔	B-PER	B-PER
剑	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
英	O	O
年	O	O
早	O	O
逝	O	O
的	O	O
留	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
短	O	O
暂	O	O
而	O	O
非	O	O
凡	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
谱	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
最	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
华	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
了	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
；	O	O
用	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O

理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
6	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
5	O	O
8	O	O
所	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
对	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
“	O	O
很	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
”	O	O
或	O	O
“	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
使	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
走	O	O
上	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

成	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
盛	O	O
不	O	O
衰	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
永	O	O
恒	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
先	O	O
后	O	O
与	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
纺	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
复	B-ORG	B-ORG
旦	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
浙	B-ORG	B-ORG
江	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
互	O	O
访	O	O
。	O	O

听	O	O
课	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
伟	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
疑	O	O
惑	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
门	O	O
课	O	O
中	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
答	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
复	B-ORG	B-ORG
旦	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
华	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
6	O	O
所	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
教	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
课	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
上	I-ORG	I-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
卫	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
决	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	O	O
校	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
课	O	O
。	O	O

邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
进	O	O
课	O	O
堂	O	O
上	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
认	O	O
知	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
级	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
者	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
按	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
草	O	O
率	O	O
地	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
旁	O	O
听	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
困	O	O
惑	O	O
不	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
杰	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
9	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
去	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
级	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
旁	O	O
听	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
对	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
律	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	I-ORG
律	O	I-ORG
师	O	I-ORG
孔	B-PER	I-ORG
金	I-PER	I-ORG
荣	E-PER	I-ORG
诉	O	I-ORG
天	B-ORG	I-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
话	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
侵	O	O
权	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
以	O	O
案	O	O
情	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
庭	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
太	O	O
小	O	O
为	O	O
由	O	O
，	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
了	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
找	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
推	O	O
车	O	O
卖	O	O
货	O	O
又	O	O
无	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
想	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
牵	O	O
头	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
搞	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
售	O	O
货	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
销	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
能	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
这	O	O
种	O	O
见	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
、	O	O
舍	O	O
己	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
诚	O	O
实	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
德	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
椒	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
口	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
。	O	O

应	O	O
该	O	O
把	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
域	O	O
是	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
比	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
源	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

答	O	O
：	O	O
两	O	O
者	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
根	O	O
同	O	O
源	O	O
同	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
比	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
时	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
七	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

信	O	O
息	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
着	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
可	O	O
预	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
将	O	O
以	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

无	O	O
形	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
升	O	O
值	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
高	O	O
报	O	O
酬	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
强	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
出	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
几	O	O
近	O	O
耗	O	O
竭	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
把	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
融	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
界	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

问	O	O
：	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
潮	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
杜	O	O
撰	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
名	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
、	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O

汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
正	I-LOC	I-LOC
街	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
人	O	O
6	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
户	O	O
和	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
户	O	O
占	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
汉	B-LOC	O
正	I-LOC	O
街	E-LOC	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
税	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
之	O	O
夜	O	O
狂	O	O
欢	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O

支	O	O
队	O	O
为	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
留	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
驰	O	O
骋	O	O
大	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
卫	O	O
边	O	O
疆	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
水	O	O
下	O	O
艇	O	O
内	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
归	O	O
来	O	O
时	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
救	O	O
护	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
艇	O	O
员	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
生	O	O
龙	O	O
活	O	O
虎	O	O
。	O	O

之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
同	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
斯	B-ORG	B-LOC
洛	I-ORG	I-LOC
伐	I-ORG	I-LOC
克	E-ORG	E-LOC
等	O	O
强	O	O
手	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
跃	I-PER	I-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
已	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
同	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-LOC
大	I-ORG	I-LOC
利	I-ORG	I-LOC
亚	E-ORG	E-LOC
等	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
抗	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
同	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
班	I-ORG	I-ORG
牙	E-ORG	E-ORG
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
交	O	O
手	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
取	O	O
胜	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
论	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
篮	E-ORG	E-ORG
中	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
冬	I-PER	I-PER
梅	E-PER	E-PER
两	O	O
员	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
将	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
稚	O	O
嫩	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
队	O	O
员	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
力	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
同	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
廷	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
赛	O	O
前	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
背	O	O
水	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
豁	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
打	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
在	O	O
e	O	O
组	O	O
中	O	O
同	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
立	B-ORG	B-ORG
陶	I-ORG	I-ORG
宛	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
交	O	O
锋	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
想	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
打	O	O
入	O	O
八	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
两	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
县	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
划	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
。	O	O

薛	B-PER	B-PER
士	I-PER	I-PER
圻	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
教	O	O
过	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
英	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
法	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
意	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
等	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
典	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
斯	B-LOC	B-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
卡	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	B-ORG
驻	O	I-ORG
华	S-LOC	I-ORG
使	O	I-ORG
馆	O	E-ORG
举	O	O
办	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
人	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
收	O	O
藏	O	O
者	O	O
甚	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

陈	B-PER	B-PER
俊	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
会	O	O
见	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
客	O	O
人	O	O
据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
俊	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
菱	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
社	O	O
长	O	B-LOC
河	B-PER	I-LOC
村	I-PER	E-LOC
宏	E-PER	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
解	I-ORG	I-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
熊	B-PER	B-PER
光	I-PER	I-PER
楷	E-PER	E-PER
中	O	O
将	O	O
、	O	O
总	B-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
袁	B-PER	B-PER
守	I-PER	I-PER
芳	E-PER	E-PER
中	O	O
将	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	E-LOC	E-LOC
客	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
胡	E-PER	E-PER
结	O	O
束	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
乘	O	O
专	O	O
机	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
葡	S-LOC	S-LOC
双	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
向	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
温	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
宝	E-PER	E-PER
出	O	O
席	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
及	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
并	O	O
讲	O	O
了	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
经	O	O
寇	S-PER	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
间	O	O
谍	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
派	O	O
遣	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
陆	E-LOC	E-LOC
从	O	O
事	O	O
间	O	O
谍	O	O
情	O	O
报	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

寇	B-PER	B-PER
健	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
按	O	O
照	O	O
军	B-ORG	O
事	I-ORG	O
情	I-ORG	O
报	I-ORG	O
局	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
协	B-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
”	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
物	O	O
色	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
物	O	O
色	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
绍	I-PER	I-PER
瑜	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
韩	B-PER	B-PER
岳	I-PER	I-PER
廷	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
陆	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
肆	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
情	O	O
报	O	O
搜	O	O
集	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
破	O	O
获	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
间	O	O
谍	O	O
案	O	O

6	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
—	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
云	S-LOC	S-LOC
贵	S-LOC	S-LOC
高	O	O
原	O	O
、	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
流	O	O
域	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
以	O	O
南	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
降	O	O
雨	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

希	O	O
望	O	O
以	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
审	O	O
时	O	O
度	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
响	O	O
应	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

中	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
坦	O	O
诚	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
谈	O	O
僵	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
僵	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
关	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
换	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
以	S-LOC	O
、	O	O
阿	O	O
间	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
；	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
全	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
才	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
着	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
着	O	O
变	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
着	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
眼	O	O
前	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
却	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
长	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
懂	O	O
事	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
善	O	O
解	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
勤	O	O
俭	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
璇	E-PER	E-PER
日	O	O
前	O	O
致	O	O
电	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
曼	I-LOC	I-LOC
苏	I-LOC	E-LOC
丹	I-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
交	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
维	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
曼	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
交	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
王	O	O
储	O	O
玛	B-PER	B-PER
哈	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
哇	I-PER	I-PER
集	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
隆	I-PER	I-PER
功	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
游	O	O
览	O	O
了	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
名	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
乘	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
前	O	O
往	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
继	O	O
续	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
长	B-ORG	B-ORG
春	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
立	O	O
即	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
畅	O	O
谈	O	O
了	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
筹	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
筹	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
开	O	O
展	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
筹	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
筹	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
先	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
政	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
律	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
经	B-ORG	B-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
社	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
筹	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

河	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
长	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
忠	I-PER	I-PER
臣	E-PER	E-PER
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-ORG
东	E-LOC	I-ORG
临	B-ORG	I-ORG
沂	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
近	O	O
日	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
罂	O	O
粟	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
期	O	O
、	O	O
易	O	O
于	O	O
被	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
偏	O	O
远	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
查	O	O
禁	O	O
零	O	O
星	O	O
罂	O	O
粟	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
可	O	O
用	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
车	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
节	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
到	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
知	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
要	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
要	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
要	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
震	O	O
慑	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
；	O	O
四	O	O
要	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
在	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
正	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
为	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
抵	O	O
制	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
侵	O	O
袭	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
公	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
近	O	O
日	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
6	O	O
·	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
”	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

黄	S-LOC	S-LOC
淮	S-LOC	S-LOC
大	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
江	S-LOC	S-LOC
淮	S-LOC	S-LOC
大	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
水	E-LOC	E-LOC
流	O	O
域	O	O
等	O	O
冬	O	O
麦	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
降	O	O
雨	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
为	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
指	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
七	O	O
届	O	O
二	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
描	O	O
绘	O	O
了	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
新	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
蓝	O	O
图	O	O
。	O	O

河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
党	O	O
政	O	O
军	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
数	O	O
千	O	O
人	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
督	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
有	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
督	O	O
察	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
对	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
执	O	O
纪	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
督	O	O
察	O	O
和	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
督	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

针	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
查	O	O
自	O	O
纠	O	O
和	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
暴	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
，	O	O
贾	B-PER	B-PER
春	I-PER	I-PER
旺	E-PER	E-PER
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
、	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
地	O	O
从	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
和	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
滋	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
审	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
与	O	O
大	B-LOC	O
陆	E-LOC	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
商	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
也	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
最	B-ORG	B-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
经	O	O
最	B-ORG	B-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
审	I-ORG	I-ORG
判	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
人	B-ORG	O
民	I-ORG	O
法	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
认	O	O
可	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
判	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
仲	O	O
裁	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
裁	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
可	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冯	B-PER	B-PER
霄	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
行	O	O
政	O	O
长	O	O
官	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
昨	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
首	B-ORG	B-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
立	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
选	O	O
举	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
港	S-LOC	O
政	O	O
制	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
特	B-LOC	B-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
竭	O	O
尽	O	O
所	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
按	O	O
《	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
国	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

对	B-ORG	B-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
友	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
长	O	O
齐	B-PER	B-PER
怀	I-PER	I-PER
远	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
宴	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
曼	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
源	O	O
远	O	O
流	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
对	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
友	I-ORG	I-ORG
好	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
宴	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
曼	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
交	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
客	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
外	B-ORG	B-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
邀	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
前	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
抱	O	O
着	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
僵	O	O
局	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
才	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O

钱	B-PER	B-PER
其	I-PER	I-PER
琛	E-PER	E-PER
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
谈	O	O
僵	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
关	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
换	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
还	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
尚	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
在	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
线	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
排	O	O
序	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O

公	O	B-ORG
司	O	E-ORG
的	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
都	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
儿	O	O
泪	O	O
『	O	O
弹	O	O
』	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
弹	O	O
』	O	O
得	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
弹	O	O
』	O	O
得	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
斯	S-LOC	S-LOC
是	O	O
亲	O	O
密	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
邻	O	O
邦	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
斯	B-LOC	B-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
卡	E-LOC	E-LOC
议	O	O
长	O	O
拉	B-PER	B-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
时	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
一	O	O
如	O	O
既	O	O
往	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
共	O	O
处	O	O
五	O	O
项	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
斯	S-LOC	S-LOC
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
钱	B-PER	B-PER
其	I-PER	I-PER
琛	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
林	B-PER	O
树	I-PER	O
哲	E-PER	O
为	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
泉	I-ORG	I-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
同	I-ORG	I-ORG
乡	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
访	I-ORG	I-ORG
问	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	I-ORG	I-ORG
湾	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
作	I-ORG	I-ORG
办	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
室	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	I-ORG	I-ORG
湾	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
办	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
室	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
云	I-PER	I-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
峡	I-ORG	I-ORG
两	I-ORG	I-ORG
岸	I-ORG	I-ORG
关	I-ORG	I-ORG
系	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
树	I-PER	I-PER
备	E-PER	E-PER
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
论	O	O
在	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
台	S-LOC	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

钱	B-PER	B-PER
其	I-PER	I-PER
琛	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
两	B-LOC	B-LOC
岸	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
两	B-LOC	O
岸	E-LOC	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
两	B-LOC	B-LOC
岸	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
。	O	O

刘	B-PER	B-PER
皇	I-PER	I-PER
发	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
何	B-PER	B-PER
承	I-PER	I-PER
天	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
致	I-PER	I-PER
光	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
孝	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
田	B-PER	B-PER
北	I-PER	I-PER
俊	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
宜	I-PER	I-PER
弘	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
午	I-PER	I-PER
寿	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
宝	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
许	B-PER	B-PER
长	I-PER	I-PER
青	E-PER	E-PER
（	O	O
许	B-PER	O
长	I-PER	O
菁	E-PER	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
梁	B-PER	B-PER
刘	I-PER	I-PER
柔	I-PER	I-PER
芬	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
陆	B-PER	B-PER
恭	I-PER	I-PER
蕙	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
程	B-PER	B-PER
介	I-PER	I-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
柱	I-PER	I-PER
铭	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
千	I-PER	I-PER
石	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
涂	B-PER	O
谨	I-PER	O
申	E-PER	O
、	O	O
曾	B-PER	O
钰	I-PER	O
成	E-PER	O
、	O	O
司	B-PER	B-PER
徒	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
华	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
婉	I-PER	I-PER
娴	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
达	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
何	B-PER	B-PER
俊	I-PER	I-PER
仁	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
梁	B-PER	B-PER
耀	I-PER	I-PER
忠	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
卓	I-PER	I-PER
人	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
谭	B-PER	B-PER
耀	I-PER	I-PER
宗	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
宏	I-PER	I-PER
发	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
慧	I-PER	I-PER
卿	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
何	B-PER	B-PER
秀	I-PER	I-PER
兰	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
江	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
富	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
兆	I-PER	I-PER
棠	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
容	I-PER	I-PER
根	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
智	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
健	I-PER	I-PER
仪	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
光	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
蔼	I-PER	I-PER
仪	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
祥	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
梁	B-PER	B-PER
智	I-PER	I-PER
鸿	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
何	B-PER	B-PER
敏	I-PER	I-PER
嘉	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
何	B-PER	B-PER
钟	I-PER	I-PER
泰	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
荣	I-PER	I-PER
灿	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
启	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
强	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
夏	B-PER	O
佳	I-PER	O
理	E-PER	O
、	O	O
吕	B-PER	B-PER
明	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
詹	B-PER	B-PER
培	I-PER	I-PER
忠	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
霍	B-PER	B-PER
震	I-PER	I-PER
霆	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
梁	I-PER	I-PER
淑	I-PER	I-PER
怡	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
单	B-PER	O
仲	I-PER	O
偕	E-PER	O
、	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
耀	I-PER	I-PER
忠	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
亮	I-PER	I-PER
星	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
何	B-PER	B-PER
世	I-PER	I-PER
柱	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
逢	I-PER	I-PER
国	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
范	B-PER	B-PER
徐	I-PER	I-PER
丽	I-PER	I-PER
泰	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
清	I-PER	I-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
幼	I-PER	I-PER
麟	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
蔡	B-PER	B-PER
素	I-PER	I-PER
玉	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
汉	I-PER	I-PER
铨	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

各	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
将	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
费	O	O
单	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
账	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
单	O	O
独	O	O
记	O	O
账	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
清	O	O
月	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
月	O	O
末	O	O
汇	O	O
总	O	O
上	O	O
报	O	O
市	B-ORG	O
财	I-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
正	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
国	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
地	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
就	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
和	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
‘	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
’	O	O
而	O	O
载	O	O
入	O	O
史	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

津	B-LOC	B-LOC
巴	I-LOC	I-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
韦	E-LOC	E-LOC
驻	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
大	O	O
使	O	O
塔	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
亚	E-PER	E-PER
宣	O	O
读	O	O
了	O	O
非	B-ORG	B-ORG
统	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
现	O	O
任	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
津	B-LOC	B-LOC
巴	I-LOC	I-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
韦	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
穆	B-PER	B-PER
加	I-PER	I-PER
贝	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
书	O	O
面	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
首	I-ORG	I-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
立	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
选	O	O
举	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
于	O	O
五	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
十	O	O
时	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
降	O	O
下	O	O
帷	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

辽	B-ORG	B-LOC
宁	I-ORG	E-LOC
人	I-ORG	O
民	I-ORG	O
剧	I-ORG	O
场	E-ORG	O
里	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
张	O	O
坐	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
早	O	O
坐	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
听	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
的	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
和	O	O
辽	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	I-LOC
省	O	E-LOC
直	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
企	I-ORG	I-ORG
下	I-ORG	I-ORG
岗	I-ORG	I-ORG
职	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
再	I-ORG	I-ORG
就	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
迹	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	I-ORG	I-ORG
告	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
辽	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O

2	O	O
2	O	O
时	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
票	O	O
箱	O	O
封	O	O
存	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
警	O	O
员	O	O
护	O	O
送	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
票	O	O
箱	O	O
运	O	O
往	O	O
设	O	O
于	O	O
会	B-LOC	O
议	I-LOC	O
展	I-LOC	O
览	I-LOC	O
中	I-LOC	O
心	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
点	O	O
票	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
扶	O	O
老	O	O
携	O	O
幼	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
同	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
站	O	O
外	O	O
还	O	O
排	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
长	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
龙	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
位	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
长	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
已	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
大	O	O
肆	O	O
炒	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
美	S-LOC	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
捐	O	O
款	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
纯	O	O
属	O	O
污	O	O
蔑	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
外	B-ORG	B-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
邦	I-PER	I-PER
造	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
了	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O

指	O	O
出	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
别	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
、	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
用	O	O
金	O	O
钱	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
合	O	O
作	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
惯	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O

日	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
衣	O	O
带	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
邻	O	O
邦	O	O
，	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
军	O	O
的	O	O
侵	O	O
略	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
灾	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

村	B-PER	B-PER
山	I-PER	I-PER
富	I-PER	I-PER
市	E-PER	E-PER
访	O	O
问	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
为	O	O
『	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
古	I-LOC	I-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
墙	I-LOC	I-LOC
修	I-LOC	I-LOC
复	I-LOC	I-LOC
纪	I-LOC	I-LOC
念	I-LOC	I-LOC
园	E-LOC	E-LOC
』	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O

1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
份	O	O
试	O	O
题	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
便	O	O
被	O	O
争	O	O
“	O	O
抢	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
渝	B-ORG	B-ORG
水	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
武	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
当	O	O
即	O	O
复	O	O
印	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
份	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
位	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
年	O	O
近	O	O
七	O	O
旬	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
汉	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
渝	B-ORG	B-ORG
水	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
武	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
咨	O	O
询	O	O
台	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
《	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
啊	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
当	O	O
兵	O	O
快	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
待	O	O
金	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
按	O	O
时	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
《	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
待	O	O
金	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
兑	O	O
了	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

一	O	O
位	O	O
从	O	O
黑	B-LOC	B-LOC
龙	I-LOC	I-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
到	O	O
鞍	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
启	B-LOC	O
明	I-LOC	O
市	I-LOC	O
场	E-LOC	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
摊	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
给	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
现	O	O
金	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
就	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
上	O	O
治	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
重	O	O
槌	O	O
击	O	O
鼓	O	O
，	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
垂	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O

离	O	O
开	O	O
中	B-LOC	O
心	I-LOC	O
商	I-LOC	O
城	E-LOC	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
沿	O	O
大	B-LOC	O
夹	I-LOC	O
街	E-LOC	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
摊	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
摊	O	O
位	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
钱	O	O
、	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
摊	O	O
主	O	O
不	O	O
约	O	O
而	O	O
同	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
那	O	O
还	O	O
少	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
摊	O	O
主	O	O
们	O	O
好	O	O
像	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
一	B-LOC	O
楼	I-LOC	O
宏	I-LOC	B-LOC
昌	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
c	I-LOC	I-LOC
—	I-LOC	I-LOC
1	I-LOC	I-LOC
—	I-LOC	I-LOC
8	I-LOC	I-LOC
3	I-LOC	I-LOC
号	E-LOC	E-LOC
摊	O	O
位	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
摊	O	O
主	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
和	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
身	O	O
穿	O	O
便	O	O
服	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
讨	O	O
价	O	O
还	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
系	O	O
地	B-ORG	O
税	I-ORG	O
所	E-ORG	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
、	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
阮	B-PER	O
经	I-PER	O
宙	E-PER	O
（	O	O
中	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
百	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
起	O	O
冬	O	O
菜	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
片	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
、	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
全	E-PER	E-PER
深	O	O
入	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
为	O	O
壮	O	O
族	O	O
老	O	O
太	O	O
太	O	O
看	O	O
病	O	O
。	O	O

陈	B-PER	B-PER
兵	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
饲	O	O
料	O	O
厂	O	O
宿	O	O
舍	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
停	O	O
电	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
停	O	O
电	O	O
他	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
法	O	O
做	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
总	O	O
会	O	O
来	O	O
叫	O	O
他	O	O
去	O	O
吃	O	O
饭	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
过	O	O
达	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
后	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
给	O	O
原	B-ORG	O
单	I-ORG	O
位	I-ORG	O
党	I-ORG	O
委	E-ORG	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
封	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
描	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
达	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
两	O	O
天	O	O
里	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
：	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
低	O	O
矮	O	O
简	O	O
陋	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
最	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
走	O	O
六	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
住	O	O
宿	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
每	O	O
顿	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
盒	O	O
白	O	O
米	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
着	O	O
盐	O	O
巴	O	O
和	O	O
猪	O	O
油	O	O
吃	O	O
。	O	O

吴	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
方	E-PER	E-PER
则	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
先	O	O
苦	O	O
后	O	O
甜	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
波	O	O
折	O	O
。	O	O

谈	O	O
起	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
情	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
从	O	O
容	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
不	O	O
后	O	O
悔	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

2	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
块	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
光	O	O
荣	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
医	O	O
送	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
智	O	O
力	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
已	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
超	O	O
出	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
闸	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
体	I-LOC	I-LOC
育	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
南	S-LOC	S-LOC
足	O	O
球	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
名	O	O
国	O	O
脚	O	O
缺	O	O
阵	O	O
的	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
申	I-ORG	I-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
0	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
劲	O	O
旅	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
夫	E-LOC	E-LOC
贝	B-ORG	B-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
莱	I-ORG	I-ORG
德	I-ORG	I-ORG
红	I-ORG	I-ORG
星	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
器	O	O
材	O	O
、	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
达	O	O
标	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
虽	O	O
三	O	O
战	O	O
三	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
因	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
别	O	O
或	O	O
未	O	O
派	O	O
主	O	O
力	O	O
上	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
队	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
拼	O	O
就	O	O
拼	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
然	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
只	O	O
剩	O	O
下	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
会	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
以	O	O
赴	O	O
。	O	O

梁	B-PER	B-PER
秋	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
（	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
羽	I-ORG	I-ORG
毛	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
莲	I-PER	I-PER
香	E-PER	E-PER
打	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
海	I-PER	I-PER
丽	E-PER	E-PER
乘	O	O
胜	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
全	O	O
队	O	O
闯	O	O
入	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

中	S-ORG	S-LOC
印	S-ORG	S-LOC
之	O	O
战	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
俊	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
∶	O	O
4	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
名	O	O
将	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
比	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
先	O	O
取	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
；	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
永	E-PER	E-PER
／	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
蔚	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
6	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
苏	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
吉	I-PER	I-PER
亚	E-PER	E-PER
／	O	O
迈	B-PER	B-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
；	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
寄	O	O
予	O	O
厚	O	O
望	O	O
拿	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
毅	I-PER	I-PER
刚	E-PER	E-PER
发	O	O
挥	O	O
失	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
9	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
、	O	O
4	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
丢	O	O
掉	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
三	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
以	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
二	O	O
男	O	O
双	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
／	O	O
余	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
豪	E-PER	E-PER
很	O	O
快	O	O
就	O	O
以	O	O
3	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
、	O	O
6	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
再	O	O
失	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-ORG	B-ORG
来	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
携	O	O
手	O	O
闯	O	O
入	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
汤	S-PER	S-PER
杯	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
队	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
角	O	O
逐	O	O
汤	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
杯	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
马	B-ORG	B-ORG
来	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-ORG	B-ORG
来	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
3	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
力	O	O
克	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
汤	S-PER	S-PER
杯	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
权	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
3	O	O
不	O	O
敌	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
也	O	O
领	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
汤	S-PER	S-PER
杯	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
入	O	O
场	O	O
券	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
中	I-PER	I-PER
文	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
汤	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
杯	O	O
羽	O	O
毛	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
半	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
分	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
石	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
庄	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
晴	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
原	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
呼	B-LOC	B-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
浩	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
连	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
春	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
滨	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
杭	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
合	B-LOC	B-LOC
肥	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
福	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
昌	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
济	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
青	B-LOC	B-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
郑	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
暴	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
暴	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
大	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
口	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
昆	B-LOC	B-LOC
明	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
晴	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
木	I-LOC	I-LOC
齐	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
曼	B-LOC	B-LOC
谷	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
悉	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
卡	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
奇	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
福	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
伦	B-LOC	B-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O

预	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
降	O	O
雨	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
东	O	O
移	O	O
并	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
南	O	O
压	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
书	O	O
共	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
幅	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
烈	O	O
士	O	O
遗	O	O
像	O	O
、	O	O
烈	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
平	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
、	O	O
遗	O	O
书	O	O
原	O	O
件	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
、	O	O
遗	O	O
书	O	O
正	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
注	O	O
释	O	O
、	O	O
题	O	O
解	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
内	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
长	O	O
足	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
沿	O	O
线	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
已	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
固	I-LOC	I-LOC
碾	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
近	O	O
日	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
划	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
区	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
都	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
1	O	O
亩	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
日	O	O
光	O	O
温	O	O
室	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
可	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

区	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
还	O	O
应	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
病	O	O
床	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
收	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
—	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
住	O	O
院	O	O
床	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冯	B-PER	B-PER
奎	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
去	O	O
看	O	O
病	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
带	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
证	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

慧	B-ORG	B-ORG
康	I-ORG	I-ORG
托	I-ORG	I-ORG
老	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
慧	I-PER	I-PER
英	E-PER	E-PER
事	O	O
迹	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
她	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
直	O	O
面	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
处	O	O
和	O	O
短	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
破	O	O
除	O	O
偏	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

许	O	O
多	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
官	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
『	O	O
烧	O	O
火	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
想	O	O
搞	O	O
大	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
却	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
拥	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
病	O	O
？	O	O

党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
正	O	O
在	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
『	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

『	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
意	O	O
是	O	O
将	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
到	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
中	O	O
而	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
称	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
认	O	O
为	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
了	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-PER	B-PER
格	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
反	O	O
对	O	O
并	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

双	O	O
方	O	O
将	O	O
就	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

活	O	O
动	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
彩	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
功	O	O
放	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
音	O	O
箱	O	O
和	O	O
影	O	O
碟	O	O
机	O	O
等	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
一	O	O
应	O	O
俱	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
站	O	O
里	O	O
花	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
9	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
添	O	O
置	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

战	O	O
士	O	O
们	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
诚	O	O
恳	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
没	O	O
想	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

院	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
种	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
叫	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
花	O	O
草	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
种	O	O
着	O	O
桔	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
芒	O	O
果	O	O
、	O	O
甜	O	O
角	O	O
、	O	O
橄	O	O
榄	O	O
等	O	O
果	O	O
树	O	O
。	O	O

『	O	O
枇	O	O
杷	O	O
之	O	O
乡	O	O
』	O	O
莆	B-LOC	O
田	E-LOC	O
常	B-LOC	B-LOC
太	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
近	O	O
日	O	O
将	O	O
名	O	O
优	O	O
枇	O	O
杷	O	O
『	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
钟	O	O
』	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
商	O	O
标	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
条	O	O
目	O	O
输	O	O
入	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
客	O	O
商	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
订	O	O
购	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
友	I-ORG	I-ORG
好	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
结	O	O
束	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	E-LOC	E-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O

通	O	O
知	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
五	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
为	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
防	O	O
火	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
天	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
防	O	O
火	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
起	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
董	B-PER	O
旭	I-PER	O
业	E-PER	O
义	O	O
无	O	O
反	O	O
顾	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
怨	O	O
无	O	O
悔	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-LOC
东	I-ORG	E-LOC
旅	I-ORG	O
游	I-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
校	E-ORG	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
邹	B-PER	O
春	I-PER	O
雨	E-PER	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
落	O	O
脚	O	O
点	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
眼	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
名	O	O
志	O	O
同	O	O
道	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
左	O	O
膀	O	O
右	O	O
臂	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
遇	O	O
难	O	O
者	O	O
遗	O	O
骨	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
野	B-PER	O
中	I-PER	O
广	I-PER	O
务	E-PER	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
合	O	O
十	O	O
，	O	O
低	O	O
头	O	O
致	O	O
哀	O	O
。	O	O

朱	B-PER	B-PER
成	I-PER	I-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
7	O	O
3	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
野	B-PER	O
中	I-PER	O
广	I-PER	O
务	E-PER	O
向	O	O
纪	B-LOC	O
念	I-LOC	O
馆	E-LOC	O
遇	O	O
难	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
碑	O	O
献	O	O
了	O	O
花	O	O
圈	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
圈	O	O
上	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
愿	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
永	O	O
远	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
祈	O	O
祷	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

至	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
所	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
馆	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
外	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

无	O	O
论	O	O
在	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
靠	O	O
双	O	O
手	O	O
辛	O	O
勤	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-LOC	B-LOC
店	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
不	O	O
看	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
户	O	O
口	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
、	O	O
聪	O	O
明	O	O
才	O	O
智	O	O
有	O	O
用	O	O
武	O	O
之	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
多	O	O
一	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
冷	O	O
一	O	O
热	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
择	O	O
业	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
跟	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
上	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
栾	B-ORG	B-ORG
城	I-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
雪	I-PER	I-PER
碧	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
8	O	O
位	O	O
镇	B-ORG	O
党	I-ORG	O
委	E-ORG	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
召	O	O
集	O	O
到	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
道	O	O
考	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
提	O	O
五	O	O
统	O	O
”	O	O
？	O	O

对	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
中	O	O
被	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
告	O	O
诫	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
称	O	O
职	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
离	O	O
岗	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
称	O	O
职	O	O
的	O	O
将	O	O
按	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
降	O	O
职	O	O
降	O	O
级	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
春	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
责	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
末	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
两	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
共	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
审	O	O
核	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
还	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
“	O	O
鲁	B-ORG	B-ORG
艺	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
建	O	O
院	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

农	O	O
历	O	O
正	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
意	E-PER	E-PER
又	O	O
领	O	O
着	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
着	O	O
杀	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
鸡	O	O
、	O	O
鱼	O	O
到	O	O
余	B-PER	B-PER
长	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
家	O	O
拜	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
“	O	O
穷	O	O
亲	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
长	B-PER	O
生	E-PER	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
说	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

关	O	O
于	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
武	B-PER	B-PER
村	I-PER	I-PER
正	I-PER	I-PER
义	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
经	O	O
向	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
承	O	O
诺	O	O
奉	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
，	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
恪	O	O
守	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
违	O	O
背	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
就	O	O
有	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
军	O	O
备	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
根	O	O
据	O	O
火	O	O
场	O	O
前	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
请	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
调	O	O
拨	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
台	O	O
风	O	O
力	O	O
灭	O	O
火	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
台	O	O
水	O	O
枪	O	O
运	O	O
往	O	O
火	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

扑	B-ORG	B-ORG
火	I-ORG	I-ORG
前	I-ORG	I-ORG
线	I-ORG	I-ORG
指	I-ORG	I-ORG
挥	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
对	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
明	O	O
火	O	O
区	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
决	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
风	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
明	O	O
火	O	O
扑	O	O
灭	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
内	B-LOC	B-LOC
蒙	I-LOC	I-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
兴	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	I-LOC	I-LOC
盟	E-LOC	E-LOC
火	O	O
灾	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
五	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
日	O	O
零	O	O
时	O	O
电	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
泓	I-PER	I-PER
洋	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
记	O	O
者	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
连	I-PER	I-PER
庆	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
森	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
和	O	O
林	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
六	O	O
昼	O	O
夜	O	O
奋	O	O
力	O	O
扑	O	O
救	O	O
，	O	O
内	B-LOC	B-LOC
蒙	I-LOC	I-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
森	O	O
林	O	O
火	O	O
灾	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

三	B-ORG	O
叶	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
从	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
挖	O	O
掘	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
富	O	O
余	O	O
待	O	O
岗	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
伟	I-PER	I-PER
光	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
兰	B-ORG	B-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
炼	I-ORG	I-ORG
油	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	I-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
叶	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
积	O	O
极	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
择	O	O
业	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
挖	O	O
掘	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
富	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
转	O	O
岗	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
。	O	O

规	O	O
定	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
扭	O	O
亏	O	O
无	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
由	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
温	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
宝	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
卢	B-LOC	B-LOC
森	I-LOC	I-LOC
堡	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
公	O	O
储	O	O
亨	B-PER	B-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
亲	O	O
王	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
戈	B-PER	B-PER
贝	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
于	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
及	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
运	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
除	O	O
对	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
向	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
颁	O	O
发	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
货	O	O
运	O	O
业	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
运	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
向	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
奖	O	O

洪	B-PER	O
流	E-PER	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
是	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	E-LOC	E-LOC
丹	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
同	O	O
年	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
四	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
成	B-ORG	B-ORG
都	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
后	I-ORG	I-ORG
勤	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
原	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
洪	B-PER	O
流	E-PER	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
病	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
逝	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O

志	B-ORG	O
清	I-ORG	O
碱	I-ORG	O
厂	E-ORG	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
后	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
本	O	O
厂	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
最	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
办	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
敬	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

安	B-LOC	B-LOC
徽	E-LOC	E-LOC
合	B-LOC	B-LOC
肥	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
日	O	O
前	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
『	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
』	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
『	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
』	O	O
畅	O	O
谈	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
云	I-PER	I-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
会	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
五	O	O
位	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
了	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
到	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
体	O	O
验	O	O
到	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
酸	O	O
甜	O	O
苦	O	O
辣	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
才	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
信	O	O
的	O	O
微	O	O
笑	O	O
挂	O	O
在	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
再	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
也	O	O
得	O	O
去	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
记	O	O
者	O	O
林	B-PER	B-PER
红	I-PER	I-PER
梅	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
冉	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
为	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
和	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
歌	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
芭	I-ORG	I-ORG
蕾	I-ORG	I-ORG
舞	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
青	O	O
年	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
杨	E-PER	I-PER
昨	O	E-PER
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
音	I-LOC	I-LOC
乐	I-LOC	I-LOC
厅	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
办	O	O
独	O	O
奏	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
浪	O	O
漫	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
曲	O	O
”	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

璜	B-LOC	B-LOC
土	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
民	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
同	I-PER	I-PER
玉	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
办	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
千	O	O
头	O	O
猪	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
素	O	O
和	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
草	O	O
药	O	O
配	O	O
方	O	O
饲	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
猪	O	O
吃	O	O
后	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
健	O	O
壮	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
栏	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
已	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
省	O	O
“	O	O
星	O	O
火	O	O
”	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

前	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
的	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
纯	O	O
利	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
市	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
年	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
以	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
阴	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
逛	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
店	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
三	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
专	O	O
柜	O	O
”	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
新	O	O
奇	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
？	O	O

印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
在	O	O
给	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
诬	O	O
蔑	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
对	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
侵	O	O
略	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
气	I-ORG	I-ORG
象	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
疆	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
并	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
—	O	O
6	O	O
级	O	O
偏	O	O
北	O	O
风	O	O
；	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
沿	O	O
海	O	O
、	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
南	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
南	O	O
部	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
；	O	O
青	S-LOC	S-LOC
藏	S-LOC	S-LOC
高	O	O
原	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
黑	B-LOC	B-LOC
龙	I-LOC	I-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
（	O	O
雪	O	O
）	O	O
；	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	O	O
部	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
；	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
为	O	O
晴	O	O
间	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
职	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
和	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
和	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
做	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

阿	B-PER	B-PER
赫	I-PER	I-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
叙	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O

尉	B-PER	B-PER
健	I-PER	I-PER
行	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
向	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
要	O	O
腿	O	O
勤	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
到	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
手	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
要	O	O
脑	O	O
勤	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
手	O	O
写	O	O
讲	O	O
稿	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
代	O	O
劳	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
要	O	O
舍	O	O
得	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
不	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
台	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
宴	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
腾	O	O
出	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
腿	O	O
勤	O	O
脑	O	O
勤	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
被	O	O
拉	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
会	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
被	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
『	O	O
作	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
即	O	O
席	O	O
乱	O	O
侃	O	O
一	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O

某	O	O
些	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
忙	O	O
于	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
剪	O	O
彩	O	O
、	O	O
奠	O	O
基	O	O
典	O	O
礼	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
式	O	O
各	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
忙	O	O
于	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
签	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
忙	O	O
于	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
忙	O	O
于	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
宴	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
忙	O	O
得	O	O
昏	O	O
头	O	O
胀	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
讲	O	O
稿	O	O
，	O	O
别	O	O
说	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
打	O	O
腹	O	O
稿	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
凡	O	O
是	O	O
搞	O	O
霸	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
霸	O	O
权	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
霸	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
头	O	O
来	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
事	O	O
与	O	O
愿	O	O
违	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
好	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

瓦	B-PER	B-PER
杰	I-PER	I-PER
帕	I-PER	I-PER
伊	E-PER	E-PER
政	O	O
府	O	O
宣	O	O
扬	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
威	O	O
胁	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
内	O	O
政	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
案	O	O
可	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
仍	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
停	O	O
火	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
后	O	O
撤	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
开	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
、	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
边	O	O
界	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
其	O	O
邻	O	O
国	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
来	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
站	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
脚	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
兴	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
长	B-ORG	B-LOC
沙	I-ORG	I-LOC
市	I-ORG	E-LOC
人	I-ORG	O
民	I-ORG	O
法	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
公	O	O
告	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
停	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
刻	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
男	O	O
两	O	O
女	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
被	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
入	O	O
口	O	O
处	O	O
并	O	O
无	O	O
禁	O	O
行	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
无	O	O
人	O	O
把	O	O
守	O	O
，	O	O
执	O	O
勤	O	O
者	O	O
就	O	O
躲	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
段	O	O
路	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
树	O	O
荫	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
隐	O	O
蔽	O	O
处	O	O
守	O	O
株	O	O
待	O	O
兔	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
人	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
有	O	O
恃	O	O
无	O	O
恐	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
因	O	O
无	O	O
硬	O	O
牌	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
他	O	O
请	O	O
到	O	O
对	O	O
街	O	O
电	O	O
线	O	O
杆	O	O
下	O	O
私	O	O
审	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
被	O	O
罚	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
！	O	O

脸	O	O
皮	O	O
薄	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
经	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
哄	O	O
一	O	O
诈	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
得	O	O
乖	O	O
乖	O	O
掏	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
红	B-LOC	B-LOC
星	I-LOC	I-LOC
路	E-LOC	E-LOC
四	O	O
段	O	O
街	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
见	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
身	O	O
穿	O	O
黄	O	O
色	O	O
编	O	O
号	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
服	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
男	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
内	O	O
就	O	O
创	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
额	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
坚	O	O
守	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
心	O	O
尽	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
尊	O	O
敬	O	O
。	O	O

鸽	O	O
子	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
害	O	O
气	O	O
体	O	O
最	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
懂	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
有	O	O
害	O	O
气	O	O
体	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
泄	O	O
漏	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
简	O	O
便	O	O
易	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
用	O	O
鸽	O	O
子	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
架	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
残	O	O
骸	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
至	O	O
9	O	O
月	O	O
间	O	O
由	O	O
缅	B-LOC	B-LOC
甸	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
并	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

令	O	O
人	O	O
欣	O	O
慰	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
筹	O	O
备	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
均	O	O
已	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
亚	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
排	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
从	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
迁	O	O
至	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
后	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B-ORG	B-ORG
排	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
高	O	O
层	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
《	O	O
图	O	O
典	O	O
》	O	O
融	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
性	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
方	O	O
位	O	O
地	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
了	O	O
武	O	O
术	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
瑰	O	O
宝	O	O
繁	O	O
衍	O	O
生	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
和	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
史	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
武	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
画	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O

足	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
甲	O	O
b	O	O
，	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
们	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
，	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
界	O	O
心	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
甘	O	O
。	O	O

肩	O	O
负	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	E-LOC	E-LOC
足	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
托	O	O
－	O	O
－	O	O
－	O	O
泰	B-LOC	B-ORG
达	I-LOC	I-ORG
俱	I-LOC	I-ORG
乐	I-LOC	I-ORG
部	E-LOC	E-ORG
一	O	O
瞥	O	O

以	O	O
往	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
预	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
八	O	O
名	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

体	O	O
操	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
奥	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
争	O	O
光	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
秦	B-PER	B-PER
艺	I-PER	I-PER
源	E-PER	E-PER
（	O	O
后	O	O
）	O	O
和	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
淑	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
双	O	O
打	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
以	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
0	O	O
胜	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
石	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
庄	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
原	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
呼	B-LOC	B-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
浩	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
连	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
春	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
滨	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
杭	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
合	B-LOC	B-LOC
肥	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
福	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
昌	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
济	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
青	B-LOC	B-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
郑	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
暴	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
口	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
昆	B-LOC	B-LOC
明	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
晴	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
晴	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
木	I-LOC	I-LOC
齐	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
曼	B-LOC	B-LOC
谷	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
悉	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
卡	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
奇	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
福	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
伦	B-LOC	B-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O

明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
—	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O

安	B-LOC	O
多	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
聂	B-LOC	O
荣	E-LOC	O
两	O	O
县	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
被	O	O
大	O	O
雪	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
牧	O	O
民	O	O
竖	O	O
起	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
放	O	O
牧	O	O
，	O	O
牲	O	O
畜	O	O
的	O	O
膘	O	O
情	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O

杨	B-PER	B-PER
洪	I-PER	I-PER
江	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
人	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
b	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
肠	O	O
杆	O	O
菌	O	O
中	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
。	O	O

天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
童	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
微	O	O
小	O	O
病	O	O
毒	O	O
b	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
外	O	O
壳	O	O
蛋	O	O
白	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
v	O	O
p	O	O
2	O	O
的	O	O
克	O	O
隆	O	O
与	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
”	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
评	O	O
审	O	O
。	O	O

陕	B-ORG	B-LOC
西	I-ORG	I-LOC
洋	I-ORG	I-LOC
县	I-ORG	E-LOC
朱	I-ORG	O
救	I-ORG	O
护	I-ORG	O
饲	I-ORG	O
养	I-ORG	O
场	E-ORG	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
传	O	O
出	O	O
喜	O	O
讯	O	O
：	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
濒	O	O
危	O	O
珍	O	O
禽	O	O
朱	O	O
（	O	O
缳	O	O
音	O	O
）	O	O
子	O	O
二	O	O
代	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
繁	O	O
育	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
出	O	O
壳	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
只	O	O
幼	O	O
鸟	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
采	E-PER	E-PER
院	O	O
士	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
青	S-LOC	S-LOC
藏	S-LOC	S-LOC
高	O	O
原	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
奇	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
险	O	O
者	O	O
或	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
采	O	O
集	O	O
者	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
零	O	O
星	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	O	O
立	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
、	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
才	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
对	O	O
雅	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
藏	I-LOC	I-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
下	O	O
游	O	O
大	O	O
峡	O	O
谷	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

朱	B-PER	B-PER
邦	I-PER	I-PER
造	E-PER	E-PER
回	O	O
答	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
柬	B-LOC	B-LOC
埔	I-LOC	I-LOC
寨	I-LOC	I-LOC
王	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
翁	B-PER	O
霍	E-PER	O
、	O	O
洪	B-PER	B-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
两	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
联	O	O
名	O	O
致	O	O
电	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
镕	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
理	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
柬	B-LOC	B-LOC
埔	I-LOC	I-LOC
寨	E-LOC	E-LOC
全	O	O
国	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
和	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
柬	B-LOC	B-LOC
埔	I-LOC	I-LOC
寨	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
派	O	O
员	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
裁	O	O
军	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
又	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
将	O	O
裁	O	O
军	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
军	O	O
费	O	O
占	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
呈	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
军	O	O
费	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
属	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
之	O	O
列	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
4	O	O
8	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
核	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
短	O	O
程	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
震	O	O
惊	O	O
和	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
使	O	O
邻	O	O
国	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O

葡	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
还	O	O
向	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

统	O	O
计	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
最	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
掺	O	O
假	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
石	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
庄	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
原	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
呼	B-LOC	B-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
浩	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
连	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
春	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
滨	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
杭	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
合	B-LOC	B-LOC
肥	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
福	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
昌	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
晴	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
济	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
青	B-LOC	B-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
郑	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
晴	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
口	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
昆	B-LOC	B-LOC
明	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
木	I-LOC	I-LOC
齐	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
曼	B-LOC	B-LOC
谷	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
悉	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
卡	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
奇	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
福	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
伦	B-LOC	B-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O

洽	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
促	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
保	B-ORG	B-ORG
加	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
合	O	O
作	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
保	S-LOC	S-LOC
双	O	O
边	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O

电	O	O
影	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
奖	O	O
授	O	O
予	O	O
《	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
爱	O	O
情	O	O
》	O	O
编	O	O
剧	O	O
程	B-PER	O
彤	E-PER	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
爱	O	O
情	O	O
麻	O	O
辣	O	O
烫	O	O
》	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
扬	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
《	O	O
花	O	O
季	O	O
·	O	O
雨	O	O
季	O	O
》	O	O
女	O	O
主	O	O
角	O	O
颜	B-PER	O
丹	I-PER	O
晨	E-PER	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
、	O	O
合	B-LOC	B-LOC
肥	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
合	O	O
作	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
三	B-ORG	O
洋	E-ORG	O
荣	B-ORG	O
事	I-ORG	O
达	E-ORG	O
微	O	O
波	O	O
炉	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

内	B-PER	O
图	E-PER	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
闻	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
署	E-ORG	E-ORG
邀	O	O
请	O	O
于	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
开	O	O
始	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
缆	O	O
车	O	O
里	O	O
可	O	O
凌	O	O
空	O	O
越	O	O
过	O	O
上	O	O
山	O	O
时	O	O
最	O	O
难	O	O
行	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
远	O	O
眺	O	O
“	O	O
太	B-LOC	O
白	E-LOC	O
六	O	O
月	O	O
积	O	O
雪	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
看	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
纪	O	O
冰	O	O
川	O	O
遗	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
俯	O	O
视	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
白	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
上	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
杜	O	O
鹃	O	O
花	O	O
开	O	O
及	O	O
太	B-LOC	O
白	E-LOC	O
红	O	O
杉	O	O
、	O	O
落	O	O
叶	O	O
松	O	O
原	O	O
始	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
：	O	O
招	O	O
聘	O	O
会	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
正	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
适	O	O
用	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O

福	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
有	O	O
情	O	O
有	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
。	O	O

截	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
名	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
献	O	O
了	O	O
血	O	O
。	O	O

免	O	O
去	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
贵	I-PER	I-PER
鲜	E-PER	E-PER
兼	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
院	O	O
长	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
张	B-PER	O
耕	E-PER	O
的	O	O
司	B-ORG	B-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
松	I-PER	I-PER
金	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
交	B-ORG	B-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
原	B-PER	O
焘	E-PER	O
的	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
办	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
室	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

任	O	O
命	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
皓	I-PER	I-PER
若	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
陆	B-PER	B-LOC
江	E-PER	E-LOC
、	O	O
阎	B-PER	B-PER
敦	I-PER	I-PER
实	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
余	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
道	I-PER	I-PER
炯	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
傅	B-PER	B-PER
立	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
吉	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
延	I-PER	I-PER
喜	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
一	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
士	I-PER	I-PER
忠	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
顺	I-PER	I-PER
恒	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
于	I-PER	I-PER
鹤	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
何	B-PER	O
栋	I-PER	O
材	E-PER	O
、	O	O
白	B-PER	B-PER
拜	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
树	I-PER	I-PER
友	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
元	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
崇	I-PER	I-PER
春	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
应	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
济	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
贵	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
稽	O	O
察	O	O
特	O	O
派	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
远	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
是	O	O
鲜	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
往	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
望	O	O
远	O	O
镜	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
边	O	O
防	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
登	O	O
上	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
望	O	O
塔	O	O
和	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
哨	O	O
从	O	O
容	O	O
地	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
项	B-PER	B-PER
英	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
农	I-ORG	I-ORG
红	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
《	B-ORG	O
虎	I-ORG	O
踞	I-ORG	O
钟	I-ORG	O
山	I-ORG	O
》	I-ORG	O
剧	I-ORG	O
组	E-ORG	O
在	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
巡	O	O
回	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

协	O	O
议	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
光	I-PER	I-PER
英	E-PER	E-PER
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
墨	B-PER	B-LOC
菲	E-PER	I-LOC
市	O	E-LOC
长	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
还	O	O
就	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

代	B-ORG	B-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
应	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
邀	O	O
请	O	O
于	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
同	O	O
吉	B-LOC	O
布	I-LOC	O
提	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
来	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
像	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
解	O	O
开	O	O
困	O	O
惑	O	O
的	O	O
钥	O	O
匙	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
乾	O	O
坤	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
照	O	O
耀	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
势	O	O
如	O	O
破	O	O
竹	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
是	O	O
第	B-ORG	O
四	I-ORG	O
、	I-ORG	O
五	I-ORG	B-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	O
一	I-ORG	O
大	E-ORG	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
始	O	O
终	O	O
将	O	O
爱	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
当	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
和	O	O
好	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
，	O	O
愿	O	O
与	O	O
爱	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
把	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
间	O	O
业	O	O
已	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O

胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	O
爱	S-LOC	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
着	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
知	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
课	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
气	I-ORG	I-ORG
象	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
疆	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	O
部	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
并	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
—	O	O
7	O	O
级	O	O
偏	O	O
北	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
青	S-LOC	S-LOC
藏	S-LOC	S-LOC
高	O	O
原	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
东	O	O
南	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
水	E-LOC	E-LOC
流	O	O
域	O	O
、	O	O
江	S-LOC	S-LOC
淮	S-LOC	S-LOC
西	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
及	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
四	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
地	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
暴	O	O
雨	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
科	B-ORG	B-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
共	O	O
同	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
周	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
5	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
周	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
敞	O	O
开	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
并	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
家	O	O
到	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
兴	O	O
办	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
颜	B-PER	B-PER
世	I-PER	I-PER
贵	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
以	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
盛	O	O
会	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
“	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
周	O	O
”	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
农	I-LOC	I-LOC
展	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
隆	O	O
重	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

外	B-ORG	B-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
部	O	O
长	O	O
石	B-PER	B-PER
广	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
典	E-LOC	E-LOC
工	O	O
商	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
松	I-PER	I-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
伦	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

外	B-ORG	B-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
山	I-PER	E-PER
在	E-PER	O
和	O	O
埃	B-ORG	B-ORG
塞	I-ORG	I-ORG
俄	I-ORG	I-ORG
比	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
耶	I-PER	I-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
签	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
和	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

市	O	O
、	O	O
县	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
阅	O	O
批	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
来	O	O
信	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
信	O	O
访	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

问	O	O
题	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
你	O	O
睡	O	O
得	O	O
着	O	O
、	O	O
吃	O	O
得	O	O
香	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
孔	B-PER	B-PER
繁	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
聊	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
采	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
切	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
向	O	O
孔	B-PER	B-PER
繁	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
学	O	O
习	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
扑	O	O
面	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O

陕	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
凤	B-LOC	B-LOC
翔	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
湖	I-LOC	I-LOC
碑	I-LOC	I-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
、	O	O
坐	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
蒸	O	O
汽	O	O
机	O	O
车	O	O
陈	O	O
列	O	O
馆	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
收	O	O
藏	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
台	O	O
退	O	O
役	O	O
蒸	O	O
汽	O	O
机	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
数	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
外	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
。	O	O

广	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	E-ORG
厅	O	O
长	O	O
阎	B-PER	B-PER
宪	I-PER	I-PER
奇	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
山	O	O
区	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
占	O	O
陆	O	O
地	O	O
总	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
占	O	O
总	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
奔	O	O
向	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
也	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
被	O	O
遗	O	O
忘	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

过	O	O
去	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
腿	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
重	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
常	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
送	O	O
戏	O	O
送	O	O
书	O	O
送	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
送	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
送	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

向	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
市	O	O
县	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
山	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
专	O	O
用	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
苏	B-ORG	B-LOC
联	I-ORG	E-LOC
红	I-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
当	O	O
翻	O	O
译	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
无	O	O
线	O	O
电	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
奉	O	O
派	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
八	B-ORG	B-ORG
路	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
冀	I-ORG	I-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
游	I-ORG	I-ORG
击	I-ORG	I-ORG
支	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
后	O	O
调	O	O
平	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
《	I-ORG	I-ORG
挺	I-ORG	I-ORG
进	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	I-ORG	E-ORG
》	I-ORG	O
社	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
无	O	O
线	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
原	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
语	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
顾	O	O
问	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
部	O	O
级	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
陆	B-PER	O
曦	E-PER	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
因	O	O
病	O	O
医	O	O
治	O	O
无	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
逝	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
年	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
：	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
在	O	O
4	O	O
层	O	O
选	O	O
购	O	O
科	O	O
普	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
类	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
口	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
始	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
华	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
范	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
授	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
焕	I-PER	I-PER
庸	E-PER	E-PER
因	O	O
病	O	O
于	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
逝	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
年	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
兼	O	O
治	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
铲	O	O
除	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
滋	O	O
生	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
壤	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
电	B-ORG	O
业	I-ORG	O
局	E-ORG	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
”	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
轮	O	O
换	O	O
，	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
也	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O

果	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
7	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
辆	O	O
标	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
字	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
车	O	O
疾	O	O
驶	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
槐	B-ORG	B-ORG
荫	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
警	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
事	O	O
故	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
润	I-PER	I-PER
庆	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
韩	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
海	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
劲	O	O
儿	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
逢	O	O
下	O	O
班	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
警	O	O
慢	O	O
了	O	O
些	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
济	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
建	O	O
立	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
接	O	O
访	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
献	I-PER	I-PER
海	E-PER	E-PER
接	O	O
待	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
家	O	O
家	O	O
户	O	O
户	O	O
送	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
警	O	O
民	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
卡	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
小	O	O
巷	O	O
挂	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
警	O	O
民	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
箱	O	O
。	O	O

济	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
各	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
报	O	O
、	O	O
投	O	O
诉	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
刑	O	O
事	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
案	O	O
前	O	O
管	O	O
控	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
纠	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
巡	O	O
防	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
使	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
心	O	O
由	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
向	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
题	O	O
词	O	O
的	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
济	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
警	E-ORG	E-ORG
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
更	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
；	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
公	O	O
安	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
济	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
警	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
找	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
，	O	O
订	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
可	O	O
喜	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
上	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
们	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
台	B-LOC	I-ORG
北	E-LOC	E-ORG
代	O	O
表	O	O
提	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
申	O	O
办	O	O
下	O	O
届	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
行	O	O
车	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O

参	O	O
加	O	O
下	O	O
坡	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
赛	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
次	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O

余	B-PER	B-PER
卓	I-PER	I-PER
成	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
鲁	B-PER	B-PER
伊	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
不	O	O
错	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
每	O	O
跳	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
仔	O	O
细	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
完	O	O
美	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
外	O	O
电	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
余	B-PER	B-PER
卓	I-PER	I-PER
成	E-PER	E-PER
从	O	O
预	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
轮	O	O
即	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
6	O	O
轮	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
以	O	O
4	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
8	O	O
分	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

虽	O	O
说	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
宁	E-PER	E-PER
上	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
略	O	O
显	O	O
急	O	O
躁	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
跟	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
默	O	O
契	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
篮	B-ORG	B-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
：	O	O
以	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
暴	I-ORG	I-ORG
篮	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
甲	O	O
级	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
交	O	O
手	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
龄	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
广	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
广	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
龄	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
承	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
a	B-ORG	B-ORG
m	I-ORG	I-ORG
f	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
协	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
锦	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
全	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
名	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
珍	O	O
藏	O	O
版	O	O
共	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
套	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
限	O	O
量	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
套	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	E-ORG
《	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	O	O
闻	O	O
》	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
华	B-ORG	B-LOC
南	I-ORG	E-LOC
分	I-ORG	O
社	E-ORG	O
将	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
号	O	O
珍	O	O
藏	O	O
版	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

“	B-ORG	B-ORG
幸	I-ORG	I-ORG
福	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
”	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
光	I-PER	I-PER
美	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
景	I-PER	I-PER
春	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
总	O	O
编	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
虎	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
魁	I-PER	I-PER
孚	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
妇	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
扶	I-ORG	I-ORG
贫	I-ORG	I-ORG
开	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
领	I-ORG	I-ORG
导	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
关	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
并	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
地	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
善	O	O
后	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O

茂	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
座	O	O
神	O	O
庙	O	O
，	O	O
神	O	O
台	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
就	O	O
被	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
拆	O	O
除	O	O
，	O	O
拆	O	O
除	O	O
神	O	O
台	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
庙	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
室	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
看	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
；	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
饮	O	O
茶	O	O
聊	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
棋	O	O
打	O	O
牌	O	O
；	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
自	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
玩	O	O
乐	O	O
和	O	O
做	O	O
游	O	O
戏	O	O
。	O	O

明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
—	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
鹏	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
实	O	O
施	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O

双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
中	O	O
就	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

关	O	O
于	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
筹	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
设	O	O
立	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
公	O	O
然	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
品	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
外	B-ORG	B-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
以	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
内	O	O
地	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
向	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
非	O	O
法	O	O
转	O	O
口	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
品	O	O
为	O	O
由	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
单	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
三	O	O
倍	O	O
扣	O	O
减	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
纺	O	O
织	O	O
品	O	O
配	O	O
额	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
约	O	O
5	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
恢	O	O
复	O	O
行	O	O
使	O	O
主	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
回	O	O
归	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
盛	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O

智	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
愿	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

应	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
镕	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
愿	O	O
与	O	O
智	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
、	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
而	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
智	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
鹏	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
塞	S-LOC	S-LOC
建	O	O
交	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
筹	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
也	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
并	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
应	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
性	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

钱	B-PER	B-PER
其	I-PER	I-PER
琛	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
此	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
澳	S-LOC	B-ORG
葡	S-LOC	I-ORG
当	O	I-ORG
局	O	E-ORG
对	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
来	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

钱	B-PER	B-PER
其	I-PER	I-PER
琛	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

筹	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
姿	O	O
态	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
澳	S-LOC	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
澳	S-LOC	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
各	O	O
行	O	O
各	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
筹	O	O
建	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
别	I-LOC	I-LOC
行	I-LOC	I-LOC
政	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
胞	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
．	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
无	O	O
需	O	O
由	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
事	O	O
项	O	O
；	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
外	B-ORG	B-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
邦	I-PER	I-PER
造	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
欧	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
筹	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
还	O	O
要	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
第	B-ORG	B-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
立	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
职	O	O
责	O	O
是	O	O
筹	O	O
组	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
别	I-LOC	I-LOC
行	I-LOC	I-LOC
政	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
第	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
回	O	O
归	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
喜	O	O
讯	O	O
：	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
别	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
筹	I-ORG	I-ORG
备	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
昨	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
成	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
！	O	O

田	B-PER	B-PER
纪	I-PER	I-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER
离	O	O
京	S-LOC	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
何	B-PER	B-PER
椿	I-PER	I-PER
霖	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
财	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
光	I-PER	I-PER
毅	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
外	B-ORG	B-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
洁	I-PER	I-PER
篪	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
及	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
智	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
秘	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	E-LOC	I-LOC
3	O	I-LOC
国	O	E-LOC
驻	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
使	O	O
节	O	O
到	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
送	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
办	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
田	B-PER	B-PER
纪	I-PER	I-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
重	O	O
视	O	O
同	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
智	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
秘	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

许	B-PER	O
会	E-PER	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O

全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
鹏	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
琳	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
秘	B-ORG	B-ORG
鲁	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
前	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
任	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
维	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
多	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
许	I-PER	I-PER
会	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
罗	I-PER	I-PER
哈	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
秘	B-ORG	B-ORG
鲁	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
裔	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
内	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
同	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
。	O	O

参	O	O
加	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
划	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
曾	B-PER	B-PER
培	I-PER	I-PER
炎	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
信	B-ORG	B-ORG
息	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
部	O	O
长	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
基	I-PER	I-PER
传	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
赴	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
参	O	O
加	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
（	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
）	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
开	O	O
业	O	O
典	O	O
礼	O	O
。	O	O

江	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
对	O	O
葛	B-PER	B-PER
鲁	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
来	O	O
访	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
英	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
兼	O	O
首	O	O
席	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
官	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
鲁	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
葛	I-PER	I-PER
鲁	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
过	O	O
渡	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
权	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
交	O	O
接	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
衔	O	O
接	O	O
，	O	O
顺	O	O
理	O	O
成	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
截	O	O
然	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
真	O	O
空	O	O
和	O	O
隐	O	O
患	O	O
。	O	O

澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
别	I-LOC	I-LOC
行	I-LOC	I-LOC
政	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
基	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
推	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
或	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
后	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
任	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
长	O	O
官	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
选	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O

西	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
内	B-LOC	B-LOC
蒙	I-LOC	I-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
—	O	O
6	O	O
级	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O

位	O	O
于	O	O
准	B-LOC	O
噶	I-LOC	O
尔	E-LOC	O
盆	O	O
地	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-ORG
疆	I-LOC	I-ORG
野	I-LOC	I-ORG
马	I-LOC	I-ORG
饲	I-LOC	I-ORG
养	I-LOC	I-ORG
繁	I-LOC	I-ORG
殖	I-LOC	I-ORG
中	I-LOC	I-ORG
心	E-LOC	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
原	B-PER	O
洪	E-PER	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
从	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
匹	O	O
普	O	O
氏	O	O
野	O	O
马	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
繁	O	O
殖	O	O
野	O	O
马	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
匹	O	O
，	O	O
繁	O	O
殖	O	O
成	O	O
活	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
8	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
府	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
局	O	O
长	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
熙	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
1	O	O
法	O	O
案	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

项	O	O
目	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
总	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
团	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
青	O	O
团	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
团	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
。	O	O

万	O	O
名	O	O
新	O	O
团	O	O
员	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
肃	O	O
立	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	I-LOC	I-LOC
门	I-LOC	I-LOC
广	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
人	B-LOC	O
民	I-LOC	O
英	I-LOC	O
雄	I-LOC	O
纪	I-LOC	O
念	I-LOC	O
碑	E-LOC	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
宣	O	O
誓	O	O
。	O	O

半	O	O
个	O	O
钟	O	O
头	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
车	O	O
再	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
往	O	O
前	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
距	O	O
坑	O	O
口	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
面	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
千	O	O
米	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
代	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
团	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
书	I-ORG	I-ORG
记	I-ORG	I-ORG
处	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
巴	B-PER	B-PER
音	I-PER	I-PER
朝	I-PER	I-PER
鲁	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

维	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
茨	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
行	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
书	I-ORG	I-ORG
记	I-ORG	I-ORG
处	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
关	I-PER	I-PER
根	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
伊	B-PER	B-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
茨	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
团	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
罗	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
义	I-ORG	I-ORG
劳	I-ORG	I-ORG
动	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

这	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
史	O	O
料	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
迟	B-PER	B-PER
浩	I-PER	I-PER
田	E-PER	E-PER
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
发	O	O
展	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
史	O	O
为	O	O
鉴	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
联	O	O
合	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
和	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
和	O	O
平	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
间	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
四	O	O
年	O	O
国	O	O
庆	O	O
游	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
打	O	O
出	O	O
『	O	O
小	B-PER	O
平	E-PER	O
您	O	O
好	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
横	O	O
幅	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
总	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
爱	O	O
戴	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
信	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
也	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
从	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
折	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
内	O	O
忧	O	O
外	O	O
患	O	O
、	O	O
战	O	O
乱	O	O
频	O	O
仍	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
灵	O	O
涂	O	O
炭	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
学	O	O
子	O	O
投	O	O
身	O	O
救	O	O
国	O	O
救	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
挽	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
于	O	O
危	O	O
亡	O	O
、	O	O
拯	O	O
万	O	O
民	O	O
于	O	O
水	O	O
火	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
发	O	O
轫	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
多	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
望	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

提	O	O
到	O	O
五	O	O
四	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
；	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
五	O	O
四	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
院	O	O
所	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
和	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
共	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
院	O	O
”	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

▲	O	O
离	O	O
休	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
焘	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
以	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
为	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
著	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
《	O	O
花	O	O
落	O	O
红	O	O
土	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
女	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
坎	O	O
坷	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
长	B-ORG	B-ORG
征	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

多	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
多	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

女	O	O
儿	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
可	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
凉	O	O
剂	O	O
。	O	O

凡	O	O
事	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
，	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
难	O	O
”	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
话	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O

列	B-PER	B-PER
宁	E-PER	E-PER
当	O	O
即	O	O
派	O	O
人	O	O
把	O	O
电	O	O
报	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
军	B-ORG	O
需	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
后	O	O
给	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

官	O	O
僚	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
古	O	O
有	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
厌	O	O
之	O	O
。	O	O

话	O	O
虽	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
事	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
子	O	O
就	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
降	O	O
克	O	O
之	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
讨	O	O
厌	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
越	O	O
是	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
除	O	O
掉	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
大	O	O
难	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
理	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
更	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
前	O	O
身	O	O
是	O	O
京	B-ORG	B-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
堂	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
和	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
传	O	I-ORG
统	O	I-ORG
书	O	I-ORG
院	O	E-ORG
关	O	O
系	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
书	O	O
院	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
是	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
牛	B-ORG	I-ORG
津	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
剑	B-ORG	O
桥	E-ORG	O
养	O	O
成	O	O
有	O	O
教	O	O
养	O	O
的	O	O
绅	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
熏	O	O
陶	O	O
。	O	O

例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
蔡	S-PER	S-PER
氏	O	O
主	O	O
校	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
所	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
促	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
谈	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
提	O	O
蔡	B-PER	O
元	I-PER	O
培	E-PER	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
校	O	O
格	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
通	O	O
俗	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
特	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O

陈	B-PER	B-PER
平	I-PER	I-PER
原	E-PER	E-PER
：	O	O
我	O	O
把	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
历	O	O
年	O	O
校	O	O
庆	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
文	O	O
本	O	O
来	O	O
阅	O	O
读	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
8	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
，	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
风	O	O
雨	O	O
与	O	O
共	O	O
。	O	O

故	O	O
在	O	O
阴	B-PER	B-PER
衍	I-PER	I-PER
江	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
画	O	O
虎	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
蛮	O	O
荒	O	O
之	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
险	O	O
恶	O	O
之	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
陡	O	O
石	O	O
峭	O	O
，	O	O
林	O	O
密	O	O
草	O	O
深	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
在	O	O
画	O	O
面	O	O
中	O	O
使	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
扩	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
之	O	O
虎	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
中	O	O
景	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
远	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
藏	O	O
又	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
隐	O	O
若	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
费	O	O
尽	O	O
心	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
尽	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
期	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
和	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
链	O	O
使	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
虎	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
特	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
峡	O	O
深	O	O
藏	O	O
虎	O	O
豹	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
风	O	O
高	O	O
月	S-LOC	O
黑	O	O
闻	O	O
啸	O	O
声	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

画	O	O
虎	O	O
要	O	O
画	O	O
出	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
多	O	O
端	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
态	O	O
动	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
势	O	O
中	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
虎	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
焊	O	O
接	O	O
使	O	O
友	O	O
情	O	O
注	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
颜	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
补	O	O
起	O	O
那	O	O
道	O	O
残	O	O
缺	O	O
和	O	O
天	O	O
漏	O	O
。	O	O

珍	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
情	O	O
圣	O	O
水	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
一	O	O
滴	O	O
的	O	O
遗	O	O
漏	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
痛	O	O
心	O	O
疾	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
漏	O	O
。	O	O

谁	O	O
知	O	O
她	O	O
不	O	O
假	O	O
思	O	O
索	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
像	O	O
枝	O	O
干	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
的	O	O
玫	O	O
瑰	O	O
盆	O	O
景	O	O
！	O	O

我	O	O
又	O	O
劝	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
“	O	O
节	O	O
哀	O	O
”	O	O
：	O	O
万	O	O
事	O	O
万	O	O
物	O	O
皆	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
终	O	O
有	O	O
极	O	O
限	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
障	O	O
碍	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
浙	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
来	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
冬	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
举	O	O
办	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
，	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
了	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
自	I-PER	I-PER
清	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
光	I-PER	I-PER
潜	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
冯	B-PER	O
至	E-PER	O
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
广	I-PER	I-PER
田	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
焦	B-PER	O
菊	I-PER	O
隐	E-PER	O
、	O	O
盛	B-PER	B-PER
澄	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
长	I-PER	I-PER
之	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
梁	B-PER	B-PER
实	I-PER	I-PER
秋	E-PER	E-PER
诸	O	O
位	O	O
主	O	O
讲	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
位	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
开	O	O
出	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
门	O	O
课	O	O
，	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
渊	O	O
博	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
识	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
门	O	O
课	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
主	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
显	O	O
其	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
被	O	O
目	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
已	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
和	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
原	O	O
煤	O	O
的	O	O
露	O	O
天	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
资	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
伦	I-PER	I-PER
威	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
军	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
时	O	O
特	O	O
地	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
建	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
所	O	O
公	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
水	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
型	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
导	O	O
绘	O	O
声	O	O
绘	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
了	O	O
眼	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
转	O	O
播	O	O
室	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
“	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
师	O	O
将	O	O
镜	O	O
头	O	O
对	O	O
准	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
旁	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
机	O	O
屏	O	O
幕	O	O
上	O	O
映	O	O
出	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
隔	O	O
着	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
窗	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
地	O	O
笑	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

电	O	O
脑	O	O
打	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
祝	O	O
贺	O	O
你	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
字	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
她	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
“	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
采	O	O
油	O	O
工	O	O
”	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
六	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
怀	O	O
着	O	O
浓	O	O
厚	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	I-LOC
儿	B-LOC	I-LOC
童	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

5	O	O
个	O	O
考	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
床	O	O
大	O	O
红	O	O
苏	O	O
绣	O	O
百	O	O
子	O	O
图	O	O
被	O	O
面	O	O
递	O	O
给	O	O
上	B-PER	O
田	E-PER	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
作	O	O
文	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
演	O	O
令	O	O
全	O	O
班	O	O
动	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
金	B-PER	B-PER
玉	I-PER	I-PER
顺	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
作	O	O
文	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
、	O	O
焦	O	O
虑	O	O
及	O	O
对	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
3	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
金	B-PER	B-PER
玉	I-PER	I-PER
顺	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
能	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
长	O	O
补	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
相	O	O
得	O	O
益	O	O
彰	O	O
之	O	O
效	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

当	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
带	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
飘	O	O
来	O	O
香	O	O
味	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
来	O	O
笑	O	O
语	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
与	O	O
否	O	O
不	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
言	O	O
之	O	O
成	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
是	O	O
独	O	O
树	O	O
一	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
有	O	O
独	O	O
到	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
得	O	O
分	O	O
越	O	O
高	O	O
；	O	O
重	O	O
复	O	O
书	O	O
本	O	O
或	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
则	O	O
会	O	O
被	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
无	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
份	O	O
创	O	O
见	O	O
。	O	O

高	B-PER	B-PER
迪	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	I-LOC	I-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
那	E-LOC	E-LOC
被	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
神	O	O
圣	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
太	O	O
贵	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
过	O	O
繁	O	O
，	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
于	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
看	O	O
似	O	O
狂	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
为	O	O
天	O	O
才	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	I-LOC	I-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
那	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
敬	O	O
慕	O	O
、	O	O
崇	O	O
拜	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
引	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
对	O	O
它	O	O
仰	O	O
慕	O	O
已	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
怀	O	O
抱	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
选	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
埃	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
达	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
于	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
誓	O	O
就	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
替	O	O
现	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
拉	B-PER	B-PER
莫	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

她	O	O
在	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
张	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
遥	O	O
遥	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
于	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
8	O	O
位	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

菲	B-LOC	B-LOC
律	I-LOC	I-LOC
宾	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
得	O	O
票	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
为	O	O
获	O	O
胜	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
他	O	O
8	O	O
位	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
均	O	O
在	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
张	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
乌	B-ORG	B-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
传	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
讯	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
乌	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
兼	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
司	O	O
令	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
热	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
会	O	O
晤	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
斯	B-PER	B-ORG
皮	I-PER	I-ORG
诺	I-PER	I-ORG
茨	E-PER	I-ORG
建	O	I-ORG
议	O	I-ORG
乌	S-LOC	I-ORG
方	O	I-ORG
派	O	I-ORG
海	B-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
军	O	O
官	O	O
到	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
军	O	O
舰	O	O
上	O	O
实	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
前	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
周	O	O
边	O	O
事	O	O
态	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
概	O	O
念	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
搪	O	O
塞	O	O
之	O	O
说	O	O
行	O	O
不	O	O
通	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
变	O	O
更	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
舆	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
包	O	O
括	O	O
在	O	O
防	O	O
卫	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
。	O	O

外	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
高	B-PER	B-PER
野	I-PER	I-PER
纪	I-PER	I-PER
元	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
外	B-ORG	O
务	I-ORG	O
省	E-ORG	O
就	O	O
此	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
已	O	O
向	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
相	O	O
小	B-PER	B-PER
渊	I-PER	I-PER
惠	I-PER	I-PER
三	E-PER	E-PER
也	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
认	O	O
为	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
，	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
希	O	O
望	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
线	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	B-LOC
欧	B-LOC	I-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

中	S-LOC	S-LOC
法	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
与	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
改	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
同	O	O
希	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
他	O	O
任	O	O
职	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
对	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
所	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

塔	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
在	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
冻	O	O
结	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
账	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
至	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
另	O	O
行	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
解	O	O
禁	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
没	O	O
有	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
向	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
或	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
转	O	O
让	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
纳	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
兹	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
谢	I-PER	I-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
核	O	O
裁	O	O
军	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
坦	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
古	B-PER	B-PER
哈	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
阿	I-PER	I-PER
尤	I-PER	I-PER
布	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
汗	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
钥	O	O
匙	O	O
已	O	O
插	O	O
在	O	O
锁	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
正	O	O
在	O	O
挑	O	O
选	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
唯	O	O
一	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
“	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
切	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
赛	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
叶	O	O
起	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
与	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
法	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
些	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
同	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
赛	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
济	B-ORG	B-LOC
南	I-ORG	I-LOC
军	I-ORG	I-LOC
区	I-ORG	E-LOC
一	I-ORG	O
五	I-ORG	O
二	I-ORG	O
医	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
选	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
便	O	B-ORG
民	O	I-ORG
服	O	I-ORG
务	O	I-ORG
医	O	I-ORG
疗	O	I-ORG
队	O	E-ORG
”	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
村	O	O
串	O	O
户	O	O
为	O	O
驻	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
体	O	O
检	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
病	O	O
治	O	O
病	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
嫂	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
鸟	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

卫	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
扶	O	O
危	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
户	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
平	B-LOC	B-LOC
顶	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
卫	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
全	O	O
面	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
物	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
、	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
户	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
使	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
受	O	O
益	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
人	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
本	O	O
科	O	O
文	O	O
凭	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
。	O	O

解	B-ORG	B-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
实	O	O
施	O	O
冠	O	O
状	O	O
动	O	O
脉	O	O
病	O	O
变	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
左	O	O
冠	O	O
状	O	O
动	O	O
脉	O	O
开	O	O
口	O	O
重	O	O
度	O	O
狭	O	O
窄	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
粗	O	O
大	O	O
动	O	O
脉	O	O
导	O	O
管	O	O
未	O	O
闭	O	O
及	O	O
重	O	O
度	O	O
肺	O	O
动	O	O
脉	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
天	O	O
性	O	O
心	O	O
脏	O	O
病	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
解	B-ORG	B-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	E-ORG
心	I-ORG	O
外	I-ORG	O
科	E-ORG	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
高	B-PER	O
长	I-PER	O
青	E-PER	O
副	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
和	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
朗	I-PER	I-PER
标	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
任	O	O
等	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
康	O	O
复	O	O
出	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
一	O	O
矿	O	O
有	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
八	O	O
方	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
面	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
选	O	O
拔	O	O
了	O	O
孤	B-LOC	O
山	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
高	B-LOC	O
坨	E-LOC	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
镇	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
过	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
镇	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
鞍	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
摘	O	O
掉	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
帽	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

即	O	O
使	O	O
对	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
律	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
刑	O	O
辩	O	O
也	O	O
分	O	O
毫	O	O
不	O	O
差	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
。	O	O

按	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
分	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
被	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
追	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
转	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

共	O	O
查	O	O
阅	O	O
卷	O	O
宗	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
8	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
由	O	O
督	O	B-ORG
察	O	I-ORG
部	O	E-ORG
专	O	O
门	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
个	O	O
水	O	O
落	O	O
石	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
盟	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
个	O	O
征	O	O
收	O	O
分	O	O
局	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
跨	O	O
入	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
蒙	I-ORG	I-ORG
古	I-ORG	I-ORG
伊	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
昭	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
税	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
针	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
牧	O	O
区	O	O
税	O	O
源	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
、	O	O
点	O	O
多	O	O
线	O	O
长	O	O
及	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
等	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
内	O	O
强	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
树	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
征	O	O
管	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
了	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
入	O	O
库	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
自	B-ORG	B-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
税	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
评	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
国	O	O
税	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
评	O	O
比	O	O
”	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

上	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
或	O	O
下	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
沿	O	O
途	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
接	O	O
送	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
未	O	O
到	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
路	O	O
边	O	O
恭	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
赶	O	O
忙	O	O
迎	O	O
进	O	O
城	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
些	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
不	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
繁	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
热	O	O
衷	O	O
于	O	O
搞	O	O
庸	O	O
俗	O	O
的	O	O
送	O	O
往	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
歪	O	O
风	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
刹	O	O
住	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
·	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
派	O	O
工	O	O
派	O	O
单	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
；	O	O

在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O

电	O	O
话	O	O
打	O	O
到	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
他	O	O
正	O	O
躲	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
赶	O	O
写	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
理	O	O
顺	O	O
油	O	O
料	O	O
供	O	O
应	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
还	O	O
把	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
库	O	O
存	O	O
积	O	O
压	O	O
及	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
报	O	O
废	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
变	O	O
废	O	O
为	O	O
宝	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
大	O	O
笔	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
二	B-ORG	B-ORG
炮	E-ORG	I-ORG
及	O	I-ORG
总	O	I-ORG
部	O	E-ORG
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
和	O	O
库	O	O
存	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
跑	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
摸	O	O
行	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
器	O	O
材	O	O
明	O	O
细	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
咱	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
干	O	O
啥	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

“	O	O
六	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
繁	I-ORG	I-ORG
荣	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
玉	I-PER	I-PER
书	E-PER	E-PER
于	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
签	O	O
名	O	O
售	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
所	O	O
售	O	O
款	O	O
项	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
陕	B-LOC	O
西	E-LOC	O
回	B-LOC	O
归	I-LOC	O
儿	I-LOC	O
童	I-LOC	O
村	E-LOC	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
习	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
军	O	O
师	O	O
职	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
地	O	O
读	O	O
原	O	O
著	O	O
、	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
辅	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
摩	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

贯	O	O
彻	O	O
“	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
字	O	O
”	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
正	O	O
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
彦	I-PER	I-PER
中	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
春	E-PER	E-PER
）	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
解	I-ORG	I-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
傅	B-PER	B-PER
全	I-PER	I-PER
有	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
总	B-ORG	O
参	E-ORG	O
军	O	O
师	O	O
职	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
班	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
时	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
代	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
酝	O	O
酿	O	O
、	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
字	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O

各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

问	O	O
：	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
担	O	O
保	O	O
？	O	O

乡	O	O
局	O	O
级	O	O
后	O	O
备	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
达	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
七	O	O
。	O	O

乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
木	I-LOC	I-LOC
齐	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
他	O	O
为	O	O
『	O	O
见	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
颁	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
元	O	O
见	O	O
义	O	O
勇	O	O
为	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

怀	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
下	O	O
奋	O	O
力	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
怀	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

陈	O	B-LOC
列	O	I-LOC
馆	O	E-LOC
里	O	O
放	O	O
着	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
存	I-PER	I-PER
瑞	E-PER	E-PER
年	O	O
少	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
棉	O	O
被	O	O
和	O	O
裤	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
打	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
补	O	O
丁	O	O
，	O	O
诉	O	O
说	O	O
着	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
和	O	O
苦	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
条	O	O
通	O	O
向	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
存	I-PER	I-PER
瑞	E-PER	E-PER
家	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	B-LOC
南	B-LOC	I-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
堡	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
1	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
柏	O	O
油	O	O
路	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
把	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
性	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
肌	O	O
病	O	O
诊	O	O
疗	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
解	B-ORG	B-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
i	O	O
s	O	O
d	O	O
n	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
网	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
湖	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	E-ORG
组	E-ORG	O
响	O	O
亮	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
人	B-ORG	O
事	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
四	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
性	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
组	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
七	O	O
大	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
性	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
等	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
七	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
性	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
鹏	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
工	I-LOC	I-LOC
程	I-LOC	I-LOC
技	I-LOC	I-LOC
术	I-LOC	I-LOC
人	I-LOC	I-LOC
才	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
近	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

无	O	O
论	O	O
早	O	O
期	O	O
由	O	O
英	S-LOC	B-ORG
王	O	I-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
任	O	O
、	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
港	B-ORG	B-ORG
英	I-ORG	I-ORG
立	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
大	O	O
权	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
由	O	O
港	S-LOC	O
督	O	O
独	O	O
揽	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
长	O	O
期	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
殖	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
统	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
而	O	O
已	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	B-ORG
特	B-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
立	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
全	O	O
部	O	O
由	O	O
港	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
中	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
港	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
治	O	O
港	S-LOC	S-LOC
”	O	O
，	O	O
享	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
差	O	O
异	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
次	O	O
选	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
顾	O	O
及	O	O
到	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
地	O	O
兼	O	O
顾	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
阶	O	O
层	O	O
各	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
受	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
信	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

港	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
最	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
和	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
在	O	O
即	O	O
，	O	O
理	O	O
所	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
地	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
中	O	O
队	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	E-ORG
授	O	O
予	O	O
“	O	O
最	O	O
佳	O	O
岗	O	O
站	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
中	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-LOC	B-LOC
道	I-LOC	I-LOC
1	I-LOC	I-LOC
0	I-LOC	I-LOC
2	I-LOC	I-LOC
线	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
贯	O	O
通	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
主	O	O
干	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
均	O	O
车	O	O
流	O	O
量	O	O
达	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
台	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
违	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
疏	O	O
导	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
等	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
繁	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

山	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	B-LOC	B-LOC
梁	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
梁	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
个	O	O
穷	O	O
村	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
面	O	O
环	O	O
沟	O	O
，	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
沟	O	O
梁	O	O
上	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
地	O	O
能	O	O
看	O	O
见	O	O
汾	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
黄	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

考	O	O
察	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
连	O	O
队	O	O
体	O	O
验	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
跟	O	O
班	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
谈	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
话	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

整	B-ORG	O
形	I-ORG	O
外	I-ORG	O
科	E-ORG	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
大	I-PER	I-PER
雄	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
门	O	O
诊	O	O
接	O	O
诊	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
较	O	O
短	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
会	O	O
诊	O	O
并	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
大	I-PER	I-PER
雄	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
任	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
仅	O	O
用	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O

驻	O	O
地	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
姚	B-PER	O
连	I-PER	O
宽	E-PER	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
目	O	O
失	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
翠	I-PER	I-PER
萍	E-PER	E-PER
忧	O	O
愁	O	O
成	O	O
疾	O	O
。	O	O

办	O	O
税	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
厅	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
应	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
敬	O	O
业	O	O
爱	O	O
岗	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
；	O	O
熟	O	O
练	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
本	O	O
领	O	O
和	O	O
与	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
人	O	O
打	O	O
交	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
税	O	O
、	O	O
依	O	O
率	O	O
计	O	O
征	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
共	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
要	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
此	O	O
唤	O	O
起	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
及	O	O
登	O	O
山	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
峰	O	O
以	O	O
最	O	O
纯	O	O
净	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
清	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O

—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
治	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

超	O	O
额	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
抖	O	O
擞	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
县	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
除	O	O
如	O	O
数	O	O
领	O	O
回	O	O
了	O	O
所	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
年	O	O
薪	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
少	O	O
则	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
则	O	O
上	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
未	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
被	O	O
扣	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
年	O	O
薪	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
赔	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
抵	O	O
押	O	O
金	O	O
近	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
元	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
“	O	O
结	O	O
账	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O

后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
才	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
那	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
是	O	O
稻	B-PER	O
神	E-PER	O
的	O	O
化	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
田	O	O
里	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
迷	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
把	O	O
女	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
领	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
亲	O	O
生	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
抚	O	O
养	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
不	O	O
扎	O	O
堆	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
无	O	O
高	O	O
声	O	O
喧	O	O
哗	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
曰	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
规	O	O
矩	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
繁	O	O
琐	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
垂	O	O
钓	O	O
者	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
地	O	O
遵	O	O
守	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
垂	O	O
钓	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
过	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
像	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
那	O	O
样	O	O
吹	O	O
哨	O	O
或	O	O
喊	O	O
话	O	O
催	O	O
促	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
垂	O	O
钓	O	O
者	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
收	O	O
拾	O	O
行	O	O
装	O	O
打	O	O
道	O	O
回	O	O
府	O	O
。	O	O

至	O	O
于	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
钓	O	O
具	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
传	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
虚	O	O
妄	O	O
之	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O

春	O	O
夏	O	O
秋	O	O
冬	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
季	O	O
均	O	O
可	O	O
垂	O	O
钓	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
每	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
定	O	O
均	O	O
不	O	O
尽	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O

各	O	O
省	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
钓	O	O
证	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
通	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
们	O	O
或	O	O
与	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
独	O	O
自	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
见	O	O
装	O	O
饵	O	O
、	O	O
甩	O	O
杆	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
鱼	O	O
入	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
儿	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
含	O	O
糊	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
足	O	O
足	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
没	O	O
摸	O	O
鱼	O	O
杆	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

假	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
放	O	O
之	O	O
四	O	O
海	O	O
而	O	O
皆	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
和	O	O
希	B-LOC	B-LOC
腊	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
何	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
修	O	O
复	O	O
罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	E-LOC	E-LOC
古	O	O
城	O	O
和	O	O
雅	B-LOC	B-LOC
典	E-LOC	I-LOC
卫	O	I-LOC
城	O	E-LOC
？	O	O

的	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
燕	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
处	O	O
古	O	O
寺	O	O
庙	O	O
遗	O	O
迹	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
视	O	O
觉	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
我	O	O
想	O	O
在	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
荒	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
因	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
的	O	O
触	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

至	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
南	I-PER	I-PER
史	I-PER	I-PER
代	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
听	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
几	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
几	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
侃	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
景	O	O
还	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
把	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
连	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

站	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
幅	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
心	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O

幸	O	O
运	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
交	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
公	O	O
寓	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
志	O	O
趣	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
邻	O	O
居	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
嫁	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
的	O	O
德	S-LOC	O
籍	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
师	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
岛	E-PER	E-PER
女	O	O
士	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
有	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
地	O	O
翻	O	O
阅	O	O
了	O	O
中	S-LOC	O
、	O	O
英	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
德	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
法	S-LOC	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
语	O	O
种	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
院	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
侯	B-PER	B-PER
仁	I-PER	I-PER
之	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
撰	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
历	O	O
史	O	O
地	O	O
图	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
莫	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O

即	O	O
使	O	O
在	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
游	O	O
记	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
载	O	O
。	O	O

惊	O	O
魂	O	O
甫	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
胞	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
急	O	O
切	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
团	O	O
聚	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
位	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
官	O	O
开	O	O
车	O	O
驶	O	O
出	O	O
使	O	O
馆	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
上	O	O
黄	S-PER	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
穿	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
的	O	O
街	O	O
区	O	O
并	O	O
取	O	O
回	O	O
证	O	O
件	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
把	O	O
她	O	O
平	O	O
安	O	O
地	O	O
送	O	O
回	O	O
住	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
雅	B-LOC	B-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
达	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
骚	O	O
乱	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
砸	O	O
抢	O	O
烧	O	O
接	O	O
连	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O

请	O	O
尽	O	O
量	O	O
呆	O	O
在	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
请	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
公	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
安	O	O
（	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
）	O	O

新	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
、	O	O
裙	O	O
带	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
和	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
。	O	O

印	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
议	O	O
长	O	O
哈	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
莫	I-PER	I-PER
科	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
新	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
为	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
大	O	O
政	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
所	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
届	O	O
新	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
约	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
是	O	O
上	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
留	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
4	O	O
名	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
外	O	B-ORG
交	O	I-ORG
部	O	E-ORG
长	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

东	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
寺	E-LOC	E-LOC
戒	B-LOC	B-LOC
坛	I-LOC	I-LOC
院	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
唐	O	O
代	O	O
高	O	O
僧	O	O
鉴	B-PER	O
真	E-PER	O
于	O	O
公	O	O
元	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
东	O	O
渡	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	O	O
功	O	O
后	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
授	O	O
戒	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
东	B-PER	B-PER
条	I-PER	I-PER
英	I-PER	I-PER
机	E-PER	E-PER
出	O	O
任	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
首	O	O
相	O	O
，	O	O
兼	O	O
任	O	O
陆	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
大	O	O
臣	O	O
、	O	O
内	O	O
务	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
需	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
了	O	O
彻	O	O
头	O	O
彻	O	O
尾	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	B-ORG
西	O	I-ORG
斯	O	I-ORG
战	O	I-ORG
时	O	I-ORG
内	O	I-ORG
阁	O	E-ORG
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
东	B-PER	B-PER
条	I-PER	I-PER
英	I-PER	I-PER
机	E-PER	E-PER
任	O	O
关	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
西	S-LOC	O
中	S-LOC	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
相	O	O
距	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
班	I-LOC	I-LOC
牙	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
抱	O	O
有	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
逆	O	O
转	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
潮	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
首	O	O
先	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
参	S-ORG	O
议	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
盛	O	O
情	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
鹏	E-PER	E-PER
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O

相	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
反	O	O
法	O	O
西	O	O
斯	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
自	O	O
尊	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
炮	O	O
制	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
“	O	O
杀	O	O
俘	O	O
”	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
竭	O	O
力	O	O
为	O	O
战	O	O
犯	O	O
开	O	O
脱	O	O
罪	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
问	O	O
良	O	O
心	O	O
何	O	O
在	O	O
？	O	O

事	O	O
实	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
杀	O	O
俘	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
幸	O	O
存	O	O
者	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
军	O	O
医	O	O
梁	B-PER	B-PER
廷	I-PER	I-PER
芳	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
伍	B-PER	O
长	I-PER	O
德	E-PER	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
广	I-PER	I-PER
普	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
高	I-PER	I-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
已	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
换	O	O
上	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
均	O	O
未	O	O
“	O	O
伺	O	O
机	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
士	O	O
兵	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
仍	O	O
被	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
军	O	O
搜	O	O
捕	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
时	O	O
幸	O	O
免	O	O
于	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
古	O	O
都	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
无	O	O
辜	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
遭	O	O
日	S-LOC	O
军	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O

影	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
自	O	O
尊	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
证	O	O
人	O	O
许	B-PER	B-PER
传	I-PER	I-PER
音	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
伊	B-PER	O
藤	E-PER	O
辩	O	O
护	O	O
律	O	O
师	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
无	O	O
辜	O	O
平	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
放	O	O
下	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
该	O	O
不	O	O
该	O	O
杀	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
对	O	O
白	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
远	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
庭	E-ORG	E-ORG
上	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
陈	O	O
述	O	O
亲	O	O
眼	O	O
所	O	O
见	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
军	O	O
暴	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
乏	O	O
其	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

八	O	O
、	O	O
接	O	O
、	O	O
处	O	O
警	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
逐	O	O
件	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
向	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O

处	O	O
警	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
核	O	O
实	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
处	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
”	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
全	O	O
文	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
：	O	O

肖	B-PER	B-PER
扬	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
、	O	O
政	B-ORG	B-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
了	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
法	O	O
官	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
职	O	O
权	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
法	O	O
官	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
不	O	O
公	O	O
、	O	O
办	O	O
人	O	O
情	O	O
案	O	O
、	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
案	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
索	O	O
贿	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
、	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
犯	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
贪	O	O
赃	O	O
枉	O	O
法	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
疲	O	O
沓	O	O
拖	O	O
拉	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
不	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
最	B-ORG	B-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
昨	O	O
天	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
部	O	O
分	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
委	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
部	O	O
分	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
视	O	O
察	O	O
和	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
、	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

律	O	O
师	O	O
为	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
不	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
局	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
靠	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
非	O	O
诉	O	O
讼	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
解	O	O
答	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
、	O	O
起	O	O
草	O	O
审	O	O
查	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
民	O	O
工	O	O
辛	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
苦	O	O
干	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
钱	O	O
都	O	O
未	O	O
拿	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
借	O	O
钱	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
过	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

县	B-ORG	B-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
找	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
商	O	O
户	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
受	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
审	O	O
核	O	O
、	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
龙	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
；	O	O
与	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
面	O	O
宽	O	O
、	O	O
与	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
息	O	O
息	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
贸	O	O
、	O	O
供	O	O
电	O	O
等	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
都	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
建	O	O
章	O	O
立	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O

许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
到	O	O
开	B-LOC	O
封	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
只	O	O
看	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
《	O	O
清	O	O
明	O	O
上	O	O
河	O	O
图	O	O
》	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
宋	O	O
都	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
城	O	O
旧	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
看	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
构	O	O
筑	O	O
的	O	O
开	B-LOC	O
封	E-LOC	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
遗	O	O
憾	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

临	B-LOC	B-LOC
猗	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
大	O	O
县	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
广	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
稳	O	O
则	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
稳	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
共	B-ORG	B-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
科	B-ORG	B-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
共	O	O
同	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
星	O	O
火	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
人	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

三	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
通	O	O
往	O	O
车	O	O
管	O	O
所	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
或	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
管	O	O
所	O	O
指	O	O
路	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
公	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
”	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
接	O	O
警	O	O
、	O	O
交	B-ORG	B-ORG
警	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
推	O	O
广	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
解	B-ORG	B-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	E-ORG
报	E-ORG	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
选	I-PER	I-PER
清	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
东	I-PER	I-PER
波	E-PER	E-PER
）	O	O
全	O	O
军	O	O
中	O	O
级	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

曹	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
从	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
与	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
解	O	O
：	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
与	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
隐	O	O
患	O	O
、	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
与	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
乐	I-PER	I-PER
泉	E-PER	E-PER
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
在	O	O
选	O	O
拔	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
德	O	O
才	O	O
兼	O	O
备	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
把	O	O
“	O	O
德	O	O
”	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
与	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
任	O	O
人	O	O
唯	O	O
贤	O	O
与	O	O
同	O	O
等	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
优	O	O
先	O	O
选	O	O
拔	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
乐	I-PER	I-PER
泉	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
疆	E-LOC	E-LOC
要	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
是	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
谈	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
疆	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

武	B-ORG	B-ORG
警	E-ORG	E-ORG
某	O	O
部	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
安	O	O
全	O	O
保	O	O
卫	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
武	B-ORG	B-ORG
警	E-ORG	E-ORG
某	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
涉	O	O
法	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
淡	O	O
薄	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
演	O	O
讲	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
小	O	O
品	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
等	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
性	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
纪	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
杜	O	O
绝	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
乱	O	O
纪	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
镇	B-ORG	O
党	I-ORG	O
委	E-ORG	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
镇	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
到	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
莞	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
参	O	O
观	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
肖	B-PER	B-PER
更	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
把	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
提	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
镇	B-ORG	B-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	I-ORG
会	O	E-ORG
讨	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
稳	O	O
农	O	O
兴	O	O
工	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
镇	B-ORG	O
党	I-ORG	O
委	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
镇	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
沼	O	O
气	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
显	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
办	O	O
沼	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
畜	O	O
粪	O	O
便	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
污	O	O
水	O	O
都	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
沼	O	O
气	O	O
池	O	O
，	O	O
家	O	O
家	O	O
户	O	O
户	O	O
院	O	O
落	O	O
干	O	O
净	O	O
整	O	O
齐	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
厨	O	O
房	O	O
宽	O	O
敞	O	O
明	O	O
亮	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
还	O	O
镶	O	O
嵌	O	O
了	O	O
洁	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
瓷	O	O
砖	O	O
。	O	O

过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
头	O	O
猪	O	O
要	O	O
养	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
半	O	O
才	O	O
出	O	O
栏	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
栏	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
沼	O	O
气	O	O
池	O	O
3	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
座	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
果	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
。	O	O

7	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
末	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
跟	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
过	O	O
度	O	O
砍	O	O
伐	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
，	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
土	O	O
流	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
源	O	O
枯	O	O
竭	O	O
，	O	O
河	O	B-LOC
溪	O	E-LOC
断	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
旱	O	O
情	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

恭	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
车	O	O
行	O	O
五	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
果	O	O
林	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
恭	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O
”	O	O

当	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
恭	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
喜	O	O
人	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
振	O	O
奋	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
思	O	O
索	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
家	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
盖	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
楼	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
恭	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
率	O	O
先	O	O
越	O	O
过	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
全	O	O
区	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
县	O	O
”	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	I-ORG
电	O	I-ORG
台	S-LOC	E-ORG
商	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
坤	I-PER	I-PER
海	E-PER	E-PER
千	O	O
里	O	O
迢	O	O
迢	O	O
飞	O	O
赴	O	O
杭	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
无	O	O
心	O	O
做	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
心	O	O
只	O	O
办	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
：	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
遇	O	O
车	O	O
祸	O	O
后	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
相	O	O
救	O	O
却	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
姓	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
司	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

青	O	B-ORG
山	O	I-ORG
楼	O	I-ORG
阁	O	E-ORG
、	O	O
碧	O	O
海	O	O
蓝	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
勤	O	O
劳	O	O
的	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
名	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
亭	O	O
》	O	O
里	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
风	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
写	O	O
照	O	O
。	O	O

香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
社	O	O
会	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
盲	O	O
目	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
“	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
金	O	O
养	O	O
懒	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
低	O	O
税	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
福	O	O
利	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
港	O	S-LOC
、	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
低	O	O
税	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
低	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
4	O	O
8	O	O
件	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
组	O	O
装	O	O
成	O	O
浑	O	O
然	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
圆	O	O
下	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
层	O	O
轴	O	O
心	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
对	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
拼	O	O
接	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
无	O	O
缝	O	O
隙	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
台	O	O
阶	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
运	O	O
往	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
后	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
也	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
马	O	O
虎	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

工	O	O
艺	O	O
车	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
工	O	O
巧	O	O
匠	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
料	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
进	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
台	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
仿	O	O
形	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
台	O	O
各	O	O
式	O	O
最	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
切	O	O
割	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
台	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
铣	O	O
床	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
开	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

制	O	O
作	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
“	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
难	O	O
关	O	O
也	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
闯	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O

字	O	O
体	O	O
各	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
整	O	O
齐	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
气	O	O
呵	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
由	O	O
最	O	O
精	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
就	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
立	O	O
下	O	O
军	O	O
令	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
许	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
许	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
礼	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
尊	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
毫	O	O
米	O	O
乘	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
毫	O	O
米	O	O
乘	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
毫	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
微	O	O
缩	O	O
品	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
图	O	O
纸	O	O
就	O	O
拆	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
件	O	O
图	O	O
，	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
图	O	O
纸	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O

凭	O	O
空	O	O
鸟	O	O
瞰	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
正	O	O
好	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
回	O	O
”	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O

邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
把	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
性	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
构	O	O
想	O	O
中	O	O
以	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
贯	O	O
穿	O	O
的	O	O
哲	O	O
学	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
观	O	O
和	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
构	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
归	O	O
功	O	O
于	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
来	O	O
讲	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

毕	O	O
生	O	O
与	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
对	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
中	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
有	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
体	O	O
认	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
证	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
标	O	O
兵	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
标	O	O
兵	O	O
。	O	O

文	B-ORG	B-ORG
昌	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
仅	O	O
用	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
天	O	O
就	O	O
抓	O	O
获	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
绪	I-PER	I-PER
耀	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
名	O	O
案	O	O
犯	O	O
，	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
摧	O	O
毁	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
作	O	O
恶	O	O
累	O	O
累	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
伙	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
流	O	O
窜	O	O
到	O	O
文	B-LOC	O
昌	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
蒙	O	O
面	O	O
持	O	O
枪	O	O
抢	O	O
劫	O	O
财	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
4	O	O
7	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

文	B-ORG	B-ORG
昌	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
在	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
省	B-ORG	B-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
敏	O	O
锐	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
动	O	O
脑	O	O
子	O	O
想	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
套	O	O
套	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
青	O	O
枝	O	O
绿	O	O
叶	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
团	O	O
锦	O	O
簇	O	O
，	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
美	O	O
妙	O	O
的	O	O
常	O	O
青	O	O
之	O	O
园	O	O
。	O	O

无	O	O
偿	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
私	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
此	O	O
采	O	O
集	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
液	O	O
怎	O	O
能	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
明	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
市	B-ORG	O
中	I-ORG	O
心	I-ORG	O
血	I-ORG	O
站	E-ORG	O
未	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
对	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
者	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
体	O	O
检	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
验	O	O
和	O	O
复	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
肝	O	O
炎	O	O
病	O	O
毒	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
液	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
小	O	O
徐	B-PER	O
婷	E-PER	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
却	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
忧	O	O
虑	O	O
，	O	O
临	O	O
床	O	O
用	O	O
血	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
血	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
献	O	O
血	O	O
和	O	O
输	O	O
血	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
病	O	O
毒	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

苦	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
酸	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
好	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
以	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
怀	O	O
恋	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
不	O	O
经	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
雕	O	O
琢	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
挚	O	O
爱	O	O
紫	O	O
荆	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
紫	O	O
荆	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
至	O	O
名	O	O
归	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
之	O	O
无	O	O
愧	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
港	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
精	O	O
诚	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
地	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
把	O	O
寂	O	O
寂	O	O
无	O	O
闻	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
市	O	O
集	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
名	O	O
闻	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
华	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

紫	O	O
荆	O	O
花	O	O
以	O	O
紫	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
红	O	O
白	O	O
相	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
秀	O	O
丽	O	O
清	O	O
雅	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
树	O	O
树	O	O
的	O	O
紫	O	O
荆	O	O
花	O	O
随	O	O
风	O	O
轻	O	O
曳	O	O
，	O	O
宛	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
首	O	O
美	O	O
妙	O	O
绝	O	O
伦	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
篇	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
典	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
轻	O	O
易	O	O
搬	O	O
来	O	O
搬	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
质	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
随	O	O
便	O	O
唱	O	O
唱	O	O
便	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
中	O	O
弥	O	O
散	O	O
开	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
字	O	O
典	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
被	O	O
编	O	O
进	O	O
歌	O	O
词	O	O
里	O	O
任	O	O
由	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
传	O	O
唱	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
躲	O	O
在	O	O
某	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
书	O	O
里	O	O
被	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
轻	O	O
轻	O	O
滑	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
词	O	O
。	O	O

市	O	O
场	O	O
五	O	O
彩	O	O
缤	O	O
纷	O	O
的	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
t	O	O
恤	O	O
衫	O	O
、	O	O
休	O	O
闲	O	O
服	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
仔	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
、	O	O
溜	O	O
冰	O	O
鞋	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
巧	O	O
克	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
冰	O	O
淇	O	O
淋	O	O
、	O	O
可	O	B-ORG
口	O	I-ORG
可	O	I-ORG
乐	O	E-ORG
、	O	O
爆	O	O
米	O	O
花	O	O
浓	O	O
郁	O	O
的	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
塞	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
土	O	O
著	O	O
渔	O	O
民	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
古	O	O
朴	O	O
风	O	O
情	O	O
消	O	O
失	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

旭	O	O
日	O	O
升	O	O
起	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
瞬	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
还	O	O
未	O	O
苏	O	O
醒	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
朵	O	O
含	O	O
苞	O	O
待	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
玫	O	O
瑰	O	O
。	O	O

至	O	O
于	O	O
开	O	O
轿	O	O
车	O	O
上	O	O
班	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
若	O	O
是	O	O
迟	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
必	O	O
就	O	O
由	O	O
他	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
钟	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
贻	O	O
误	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
迟	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
仔	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
妹	O	O
那	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
就	O	O
拜	O	O
拜	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
弄	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
被	O	O
炒	O	O
鱿	O	O
鱼	O	O
。	O	O

果	O	O
然	O	O
每	O	O
次	O	O
巴	O	O
士	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
地	O	O
准	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
分	O	O
秒	O	O
不	O	O
差	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
我	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
起	O	O
码	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

毕	O	O
业	O	O
于	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
陶	I-ORG	I-ORG
瓷	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
系	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
保	I-PER	I-PER
军	E-PER	E-PER
利	O	O
用	O	O
易	B-LOC	O
县	E-LOC	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
膨	O	O
润	O	O
土	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
岭	O	O
土	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
种	O	O
稀	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
着	O	O
色	O	O
矿	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
潜	O	O
心	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
获	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
件	O	O
绞	O	O
胎	O	O
陶	O	O
瓷	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
珍	O	O
品	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
藏	O	O
于	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
故	I-ORG	I-ORG
宫	I-ORG	I-ORG
博	I-ORG	I-ORG
物	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
陕	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
内	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
译	O	O
著	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
牌	O	O
东	B-ORG	B-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
版	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
起	O	O
约	O	O
请	O	O
专	O	O
人	O	O
翻	O	O
译	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
述	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
和	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
纯	I-PER	I-PER
如	E-PER	E-PER
详	O	O
实	O	O
叙	O	O
述	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
于	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

造	O	O
假	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
复	O	O
制	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
画	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
紫	O	O
外	O	O
光	O	O
源	O	O
下	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
照	O	O
射	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
常	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
是	O	O
泾	O	O
渭	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
史	O	O
归	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
论	O	O
归	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
使	O	O
局	O	O
外	O	O
人	O	O
大	O	O
惑	O	O
不	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
异	O	O
于	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
于	O	O
常	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

花	O	O
开	O	O
花	O	O
落	O	O
两	O	O
度	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
相	O	O
敬	O	O
如	O	O
宾	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
涉	O	O
猎	O	O
过	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
古	O	O
诗	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
读	O	O
过	O	O
佛	O	O
经	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
晓	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
百	O	O
劫	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
摧	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
勃	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
伟	O	O
力	O	O
无	O	O
穷	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
c	B-ORG	B-ORG
h	I-ORG	I-ORG
i	I-ORG	I-ORG
n	I-ORG	I-ORG
a	I-ORG	I-ORG
b	I-ORG	I-ORG
y	I-ORG	I-ORG
t	I-ORG	I-ORG
e	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
网	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
幕	O	O
后	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
们	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
兼	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

光	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
官	O	O
方	O	O
网	O	O
址	O	O
w	O	O
w	O	O
w	O	O
．	O	O
f	O	O
r	O	O
a	O	O
n	O	O
c	O	O
e	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
c	O	O
o	O	O
m	O	O
或	O	O
w	O	O
w	O	O
w	O	O
．	O	O
w	O	O
o	O	O
r	O	O
l	O	O
d	O	O
c	O	O
u	O	O
p	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
c	O	O
o	O	O
m	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
惠	B-ORG	O
普	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
佳	B-ORG	O
能	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
e	B-ORG	O
s	I-ORG	O
p	I-ORG	O
n	E-ORG	O
（	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
）	O	O
都	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
网	O	O
站	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
网	O	O
站	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
要	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

大	B-LOC	B-ORG
阿	I-LOC	I-ORG
镇	E-LOC	I-ORG
芫	B-LOC	I-ORG
峰	I-LOC	I-ORG
村	E-LOC	I-ORG
青	O	I-ORG
年	O	I-ORG
仲	B-PER	I-ORG
礼	I-PER	I-ORG
雨	E-PER	I-ORG
经	O	I-ORG
协	B-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
培	O	O
训	O	O
和	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-LOC
圳	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
家	O	O
制	O	O
衣	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
便	O	O
能	O	O
胜	O	O
任	O	O
裁	O	O
剪	O	O
各	O	O
式	O	O
高	O	O
档	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

信	B-ORG	B-ORG
丰	I-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
年	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
给	O	O
他	O	O
写	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
洋	O	O
溢	O	O
的	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
萌	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
回	O	O
乡	O	O
办	O	O
厂	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
念	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
召	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
召	O	O
唤	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
返	O	O
乡	O	O
兴	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
返	O	O
乡	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
载	O	O
，	O	O
于	B-PER	B-PER
金	I-PER	I-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
拖	O	O
着	O	O
残	O	O
病	O	O
之	O	O
躯	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
出	O	O
而	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
落	O	O
而	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
于	B-PER	B-PER
金	I-PER	I-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
距	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
存	I-PER	I-PER
瑞	E-PER	E-PER
仅	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
了	O	O
炸	O	O
碉	O	O
堡	O	O
全	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
于	B-PER	B-PER
金	I-PER	I-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
回	O	O
忆	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O

以	O	O
后	O	O
跟	O	O
着	O	O
共	B-ORG	O
产	I-ORG	O
党	E-ORG	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
斗	O	O
地	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
田	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
过	O	O
上	O	O
好	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

‘	O	O
中	B-ORG	O
央	I-ORG	O
军	E-ORG	O
’	O	O
小	O	O
兵	O	O
挨	O	O
欺	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
共	B-ORG	B-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
班	O	O
长	O	O
给	O	O
咱	O	O
烫	O	O
脚	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
！	O	O

在	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
种	O	O
了	O	O
半	O	O
辈	O	O
子	O	O
庄	O	O
稼	O	O
的	O	O
于	B-PER	B-PER
金	I-PER	I-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
愿	O	O
意	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
称	O	O
他	O	O
“	O	O
于	S-PER	O
大	O	O
爷	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
左	O	O
胸	O	O
前	O	O
挂	O	O
着	O	O
4	O	O
枚	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
东	B-LOC	O
北	E-LOC	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
解	O	O
放	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
抗	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
援	O	O
朝	S-LOC	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
章	O	O
和	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
慰	I-ORG	I-ORG
问	I-ORG	I-ORG
解	I-ORG	I-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
纪	O	O
念	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O

尤	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
革	O	O
”	O	O
恶	O	O
劣	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
干	O	O
校	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
心	O	O
声	O	O
的	O	O
短	O	O
诗	O	O
和	O	O
讴	O	O
歌	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
诗	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
既	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
又	O	O
陌	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
释	O	O
怀	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
歌	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
特	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-PER	B-PER
春	I-PER	I-PER
燕	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
《	O	O
梦	O	O
你	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
》	O	O
更	O	O
须	O	O
臾	O	O
不	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
：	O	O
西	O	O
路	O	O
军	O	O
女	O	O
兵	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
战	O	O
火	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
性	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
兵	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
、	O	O
兵	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
歌	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
让	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
诗	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
诗	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
不	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
诗	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O

朱	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
信	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
《	O	O
苍	O	O
穹	O	O
之	O	O
旅	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
屡	O	O
屡	O	O
将	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
航	O	O
弹	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
置	O	O
换	O	O
。	O	O

冉	B-PER	O
炜	I-PER	O
君	E-PER	O
《	O	O
漂	O	O
流	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
胡	O	O
须	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
诗	O	O
篇	O	O
出	O	O
手	O	O
不	O	O
凡	O	O
。	O	O

』	O	O
刘	B-PER	O
静	E-PER	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
篇	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
短	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
集	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
她	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
新	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
。	O	O

边	O	O
塞	O	O
是	O	O
军	O	O
旅	O	O
的	O	O
舞	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
旅	O	O
是	O	O
边	O	O
塞	O	O
的	O	O
灵	O	O
魂	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
的	O	O
张	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
老	O	O
到	O	O
和	O	O
机	O	O
智	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
驾	O	O
驭	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
洪	I-PER	I-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
《	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
曼	I-PER	I-PER
玲	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
《	O	O
如	O	O
花	O	O
似	O	O
玉	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
诚	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
《	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
预	O	O
选	O	O
队	O	O
》	O	O
都	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
描	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
真	O	O
诚	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
向	O	O
往	O	O
与	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
在	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
“	O	O
凝	O	O
视	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
问	O	O
世	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
敏	O	O
锐	O	O
，	O	O
视	O	O
界	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
，	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
圆	O	O
熟	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
掘	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
更	O	O
像	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
了	O	O
；	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
跟	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
顶	O	O
尖	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
跟	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
小	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
阅	O	O
读	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
些	O	O
翻	O	O
空	O	O
出	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
锋	O	O
派	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
时	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
追	O	O
逐	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
多	O	O
多	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
其	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
精	O	O
简	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
正	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
攻	O	O
坚	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
是	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
组	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

加	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
、	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
航	E-ORG	E-ORG
因	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
投	O	O
诉	O	O
被	O	O
开	O	O
除	O	O
8	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
除	O	O
留	O	O
用	O	O
5	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

海	B-ORG	B-ORG
航	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
层	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
投	O	O
诉	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
旅	O	O
客	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
诉	O	O
，	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
航	E-ORG	E-ORG
神	O	O
经	O	O
中	O	O
枢	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
条	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
拧	O	O
紧	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
速	O	O
查	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
惩	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

事	O	O
情	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
飞	O	O
往	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
口	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
航	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
8	O	O
2	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
海	B-LOC	O
口	E-LOC	O
大	O	O
雾	O	O
，	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
备	O	O
降	O	O
桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	I-LOC	I-LOC
机	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
尔	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
三	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
机	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
航	O	O
行	O	O
中	O	O
及	O	O
善	O	O
后	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
均	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
。	O	O

曾	O	O
以	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
而	O	O
远	O	O
近	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
死	O	O
角	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
的	O	O
备	O	O
降	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
松	O	O
懈	O	O
而	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
投	O	O
诉	O	O
。	O	O

检	O	O
察	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O

检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
职	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
不	O	O
越	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	B-ORG
民	O	I-ORG
检	O	I-ORG
察	O	I-ORG
院	O	E-ORG
的	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
长	O	O
在	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
4	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
度	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
后	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
县	O	B-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
哭	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
也	O	O
着	O	O
急	O	O
得	O	O
吃	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
饭	O	O
。	O	O

解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
上	O	O
传	O	O
下	O	O
达	O	O
、	O	O
照	O	O
抄	O	O
照	O	O
搬	O	O
、	O	O
移	O	O
花	O	O
接	O	O
木	O	O
等	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
奏	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
非	O	O
得	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
闯	O	O
劲	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
。	O	O

庄	B-PER	O
红	I-PER	O
卫	E-PER	O
正	O	O
视	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
、	O	O
脚	O	O
踏	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
就	O	O
办	O	O
个	O	O
净	O	O
菜	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
买	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
洗	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
送	O	O
菜	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
看	O	O
准	O	O
了	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
造	O	O
纸	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
矿	O	O
石	O	O
开	O	O
采	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
租	O	O
赁	O	O
了	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
源	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
亨	I-ORG	I-ORG
源	I-ORG	I-ORG
纸	I-ORG	I-ORG
加	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
白	B-ORG	B-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
江	I-ORG	I-ORG
源	I-ORG	I-ORG
铁	I-ORG	I-ORG
矿	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

与	O	O
崔	B-PER	B-PER
木	I-PER	I-PER
岚	E-PER	E-PER
被	O	O
迫	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
剑	I-PER	I-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

谈	O	O
起	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
崔	B-PER	O
木	I-PER	O
岚	E-PER	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
话	O	O
要	O	O
说	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
“	O	O
与	O	O
其	O	O
等	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
给	O	O
饭	O	O
碗	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
造	O	O
个	O	O
饭	O	O
碗	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

大	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	B-ORG
队	O	E-ORG
、	O	O
岗	O	O
组	O	O
层	O	O
层	O	O
节	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
违	O	O
纪	O	O
连	O	O
带	O	O
受	O	O
罚	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
三	O	O
乱	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

大	B-ORG	O
同	I-ORG	O
铁	I-ORG	O
路	I-ORG	O
法	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-LOC
西	I-ORG	I-LOC
省	I-ORG	E-LOC
大	I-ORG	O
同	I-ORG	O
铁	I-ORG	O
路	I-ORG	O
运	I-ORG	O
输	I-ORG	O
法	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
为	O	O
从	O	O
源	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
和	O	O
整	O	O
治	O	O
“	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
案	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
钱	O	O
案	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
法	O	O
院	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
轮	O	O
流	O	O
办	O	O
案	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
固	O	O
定	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
员	O	O
序	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
推	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
长	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
办	O	O
案	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
常	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
为	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
禁	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
而	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
鸣	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
磊	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
四	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
常	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
正	O	O
股	O	O
级	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
因	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
赌	O	O
博	O	O
等	O	O
违	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
被	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
党	O	O
内	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
当	O	O
众	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
辞	O	O
退	O	O
。	O	O

考	O	O
察	O	O
团	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
昌	I-LOC	I-LOC
八	I-LOC	I-LOC
一	I-LOC	I-LOC
纪	I-LOC	I-LOC
念	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
邓	B-LOC	B-PER
小	I-LOC	I-PER
平	I-LOC	E-PER
同	I-LOC	O
志	I-LOC	O
故	I-LOC	O
居	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
井	B-LOC	B-LOC
冈	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
革	I-LOC	I-LOC
命	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
瞻	O	O
仰	O	O
了	O	O
烈	O	B-LOC
士	O	I-LOC
陵	O	I-LOC
园	O	E-LOC
；	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
井	B-LOC	B-LOC
冈	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
赣	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
金	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
兴	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
余	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
；	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
联	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
共	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
参	O	O
政	O	O
议	O	O
政	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
统	I-ORG	I-ORG
战	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
团	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
旬	O	O
赴	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
革	O	O
命	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
缅	O	O
怀	O	O
老	O	O
一	O	O
辈	O	O
无	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
功	O	O
伟	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
民	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
都	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
解	O	O
困	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
八	O	O
次	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
助	O	O
残	O	O
日	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

电	O	O
话	O	O
：	O	O
（	O	O
0	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
）	O	O
6	O	O
4	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
4	O	O

个	O	O
人	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
在	O	O
3	O	O
—	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
适	O	O
自	O	O
营	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
当	O	O
上	O	O
浮	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
浮	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O

有	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
拖	O	O
着	O	O
病	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
她	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
烙	O	O
饼	O	O
和	O	O
土	O	O
豆	O	O
炖	O	O
红	O	O
烧	O	O
肉	O	O
，	O	O
步	O	O
行	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
路	O	O
捂	O	O
着	O	O
给	O	O
她	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

每	O	O
天	O	O
早	O	O
出	O	O
晚	O	O
归	O	O
干	O	O
得	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
头	O	O
不	O	O
见	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
，	O	O
饿	O	O
了	O	O
就	O	O
舀	O	O
一	O	O
瓢	O	O
凉	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
葱	O	O
吃	O	O
几	O	O
张	O	O
冷	O	O
饼	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
玉	I-PER	I-PER
梅	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
内	B-LOC	B-LOC
蒙	I-LOC	I-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
乌	B-ORG	B-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
矿	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
岗	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
麋	O	O
鹿	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
外	O	O
逃	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
产	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O

图	O	O
为	O	O
竞	O	O
拍	O	O
声	O	O
此	O	O
起	O	O
彼	O	O
伏	O	O
的	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
会	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

发	O	O
达	O	O
、	O	O
舒	O	O
适	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
可	O	O
使	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
把	O	O
黑	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
夺	O	O
了	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
运	O	O
力	O	O
占	O	O
公	O	O
交	O	O
总	O	O
运	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

否	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
等	O	O
价	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
煤	O	O
气	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
无	O	O
偿	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

再	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
替	O	O
煤	O	O
气	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
煤	O	O
气	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

拖	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
通	O	O
上	O	O
煤	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
“	O	O
八	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
7	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
6	O	O
4	O	O
7	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
缩	O	O
小	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
品	O	O
零	O	O
售	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
量	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
占	O	O
6	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
品	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
从	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
海	O	O
水	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
与	O	O
海	O	B-LOC
港	O	E-LOC
，	O	O
航	O	O
运	O	O
与	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
同	O	O
渔	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
渔	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
邻	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
迅	O	O
猛	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
域	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

渔	O	O
汛	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
渔	O	O
船	O	O
仍	O	O
滞	O	O
留	O	O
渔	O	O
港	O	O
，	O	O
渔	O	O
人	O	O
望	O	O
海	O	O
兴	O	O
叹	O	O
。	O	O

丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
约	B-PER	B-PER
翰	I-PER	I-PER
松	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
进	O	O
球	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
很	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

下	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
会	O	O
碰	O	O
上	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
认	O	O
的	O	O
以	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
好	O	O
而	O	O
著	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
强	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
给	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
儿	O	O
颜	O	O
色	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
。	O	O

丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
约	B-PER	B-PER
翰	I-PER	I-PER
松	E-PER	E-PER
得	O	O
意	O	O
洋	O	O
洋	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
说	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-ORG
欧	E-LOC	I-ORG
队	O	E-ORG
坚	O	O
持	O	O
英	S-LOC	O
式	O	O
打	O	O
法	O	O
没	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O

尼	B-ORG	B-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
毫	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
是	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
球	O	O
队	O	O
缺	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

奇	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
虽	O	O
败	O	O
犹	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
赛	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
祭	O	O
龙	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
、	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
伞	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
滑	O	O
水	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
、	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
、	O	O
焰	O	O
火	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
届	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
赛	O	O
共	O	O
计	O	O
有	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
参	I-ORG	I-ORG
崴	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
江	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	I-ORG	I-ORG
峰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
独	I-ORG	I-ORG
木	I-ORG	I-ORG
舟	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
岳	B-ORG	B-ORG
阳	I-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
君	B-ORG	B-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
共	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
支	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
队	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
踢	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
比	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
站	O	O
着	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
0	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
连	O	O
入	O	O
两	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
了	O	O
墨	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
哥	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
打	O	O
入	O	O
八	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
顽	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
逆	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
让	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
威	I-PER	I-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
近	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
特	O	O
约	O	O
原	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
进	O	O
山	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
组	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
威	I-PER	I-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
借	O	O
此	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
威	I-PER	I-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
出	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
的	O	O
谢	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
版	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
威	I-PER	I-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
带	O	O
着	O	O
妹	O	O
妹	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
姐	O	O
姐	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
湖	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
松	B-LOC	B-LOC
滋	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
庆	B-LOC	B-LOC
贺	I-LOC	I-LOC
寺	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
吴	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
包	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
2	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
威	I-PER	I-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
因	O	O
为	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
病	O	O
故	O	O
，	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
爸	O	O
爸	O	O
为	O	O
还	O	O
债	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
她	O	O
和	O	O
小	O	O
妹	O	O
妹	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
无	O	O
钱	O	O
供	O	O
她	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
辍	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
与	O	O
谁	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
结	O	O
盟	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
。	O	O

保	B-ORG	B-LOC
加	I-ORG	I-LOC
利	I-ORG	I-LOC
亚	E-ORG	E-LOC
的	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
却	O	O
回	O	O
击	O	O
他	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
博	B-PER	B-PER
内	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
从	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

阿	B-PER	B-PER
吉	I-PER	I-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
拉	E-PER	E-PER
则	O	O
安	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
叫	O	O
人	O	O
再	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
想	O	O
想	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
上	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
走	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

而	O	O
埃	B-PER	B-LOC
塞	I-PER	I-LOC
贝	I-PER	I-LOC
里	I-PER	I-LOC
亚	E-PER	E-LOC
哽	O	O
咽	O	O
着	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
以	O	O
6	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
大	O	O
胜	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
却	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
要	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
被	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
比	O	O
这	O	O
更	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

卡	B-PER	B-PER
洛	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
眼	O	O
含	O	O
热	O	O
泪	O	O
与	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
握	O	O
手	O	O
并	O	O
安	O	O
慰	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
索	B-PER	O
菲	I-PER	O
娅	E-PER	O
王	O	O
后	O	O
则	O	O
哽	O	O
咽	O	O
着	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O

1	O	O
7	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
a	O	O
、	O	O
b	O	O
两	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
a	O	O
组	O	O
有	O	O
沈	B-ORG	B-ORG
阳	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
奥	I-ORG	I-ORG
神	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-LOC
京	I-ORG	I-LOC
军	I-ORG	I-LOC
区	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
前	B-ORG	O
卫	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
狮	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-LOC
津	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
福	B-ORG	B-LOC
建	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
陕	B-ORG	B-LOC
西	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
深	B-ORG	B-LOC
圳	I-ORG	E-LOC
润	I-ORG	O
迅	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
湖	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
常	B-LOC	O
德	E-LOC	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
；	O	O
b	O	O
组	O	O
有	O	O
四	B-ORG	B-LOC
川	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-LOC
北	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
黑	B-ORG	B-LOC
龙	I-ORG	I-LOC
江	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
吉	B-ORG	B-LOC
林	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-LOC
南	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
湖	B-ORG	B-LOC
北	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
重	B-ORG	B-LOC
庆	E-ORG	E-LOC
和	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-LOC
苏	E-ORG	E-LOC
，	O	O
在	O	O
四	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	O
赛	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
于	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
男	O	O
篮	O	O
甲	O	O
b	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
战	O	O
幕	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
顽	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
队	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
虽	O	O
败	O	O
犹	O	O
荣	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
格	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

外	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
很	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
无	O	O
奈	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
智	O	O
谋	O	O
取	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
定	O	O
法	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O

法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
雅	B-PER	B-PER
凯	E-PER	E-PER
：	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
畏	O	O
的	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
都	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
和	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
错	O	O
，	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
善	O	O
于	O	O
化	O	O
险	O	O
为	O	O
夷	O	O
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
班	I-ORG	I-ORG
牙	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
以	O	O
6	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
大	O	O
胜	O	O
保	B-ORG	B-ORG
加	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
但	O	O
同	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
圭	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
3	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
尼	B-ORG	B-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
圭	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
积	O	O
5	O	O
分	O	O
同	O	O
尼	B-ORG	B-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
同	O	O
出	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

比	B-ORG	B-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
时	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
打	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
场	O	O
平	O	O
局	O	O
得	O	O
3	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
同	O	O
出	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
漫	O	O
不	O	O
经	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
倒	O	O
脚	O	O
、	O	O
目	O	O
空	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
传	O	O
球	O	O
、	O	O
无	O	O
精	O	O
打	O	O
采	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
起	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
挪	B-ORG	B-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
寄	O	O
予	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
传	O	O
媒	O	O
则	O	O
有	O	O
话	O	O
可	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
提	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-LOC
西	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
挪	B-ORG	B-LOC
威	E-ORG	E-LOC
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
提	O	O
摩	B-LOC	B-LOC
洛	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
望	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
“	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
昂	O	O
着	O	O
头	O	O
回	O	O
摩	B-LOC	B-LOC
洛	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
；	O	O
“	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
”	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
反	O	O
攻	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

摩	B-ORG	B-ORG
洛	I-ORG	I-ORG
哥	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
击	O	O
败	O	O
苏	B-ORG	B-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
后	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
挪	B-ORG	B-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
同	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

挪	B-ORG	B-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
依	O	O
靠	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
点	O	O
球	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
拿	O	O
到	O	O
5	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
c	O	O
组	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
点	O	O
球	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
球	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
点	O	O
球	O	O
罚	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
许	B-PER	B-PER
立	I-PER	I-PER
群	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
届	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
体	O	O
育	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
福	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
由	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
步	I-ORG	I-ORG
瑞	I-ORG	I-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
咨	I-ORG	I-ORG
询	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
责	I-ORG	I-ORG
任	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
承	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
角	O	O
逐	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
韦	I-ORG	I-ORG
氏	I-ORG	I-ORG
黛	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
娜	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
妆	I-ORG	I-ORG
品	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
勇	O	O
夺	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
体	B-ORG	B-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
博	I-ORG	I-ORG
览	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
联	O	O
合	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
四	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
水	I-ORG	I-ORG
上	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
园	E-ORG	I-ORG
』	O	E-ORG
杯	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
第	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
先	B-LOC	O
农	I-LOC	O
坛	I-LOC	O
体	I-LOC	O
育	I-LOC	O
场	E-LOC	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
用	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
版	O	O
预	O	O
告	O	O
当	O	O
晚	O	O
将	O	O
播	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
可	O	O
看	O	O
性	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
纯	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
前	O	O
半	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O

英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
霍	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
具	O	O
有	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
尽	O	O
了	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
太	O	O
严	O	O
密	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
极	O	O
力	O	O
想	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
遗	O	O
憾	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O

印	O	O
象	O	O
四	O	O
：	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
坚	O	O
持	O	O
英	S-LOC	O
式	O	O
打	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
苏	B-ORG	B-LOC
格	I-ORG	I-LOC
兰	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
挪	B-ORG	B-LOC
威	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
奥	B-ORG	B-LOC
地	I-ORG	I-LOC
利	E-ORG	E-LOC
等	O	O
队	O	O
已	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
跟	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
足	O	O
坛	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
潮	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
胸	O	O
无	O	O
大	O	O
志	O	O
地	O	O
去	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
出	O	O
线	O	O
即	O	O
心	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O

英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
足	O	O
球	O	O
流	O	O
氓	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
领	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
在	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
却	O	O
鲜	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
也	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
角	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
赛	E-LOC	E-LOC
事	O	O
件	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
表	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
传	O	O
媒	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
闹	O	O
事	O	O
能	O	O
告	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
总	O	O
爱	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
是	O	O
圆	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
寓	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
蕴	O	O
含	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
偶	O	O
然	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
自	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
轮	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
暴	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
日	O	O
渐	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

意	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
则	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
体	I-LOC	I-LOC
育	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
奥	B-ORG	B-ORG
地	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
积	O	O
7	O	O
分	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
b	O	O
组	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
球	O	O
获	O	O
胜	O	O
的	O	O
概	O	O
率	O	O
要	O	O
比	O	O
对	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
小	O	O
。	O	O

伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
朗	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
能	O	O
否	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
出	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
决	O	O
于	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

该	O	O
报	O	O
也	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
三	O	O
次	O	O
击	O	O
中	O	O
门	O	O
柱	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
运	O	O
气	O	O
差	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
三	B-ORG	B-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
四	B-ORG	O
台	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
播	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
听	O	O
见	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
员	O	O
“	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-LOC
齐	I-PER	I-LOC
兹	E-PER	E-LOC
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
阿	B-PER	O
齐	I-PER	O
兹	E-PER	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
。	O	O

关	O	O
系	O	O
僵	O	O
持	O	O
已	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-LOC
朗	E-ORG	E-LOC
与	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	E-ORG	E-LOC
同	O	O
分	O	O
到	O	O
f	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
抽	O	O
签	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
最	O	O
富	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
幕	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
间	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
场	O	O
球	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
焦	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
队	O	O
将	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
交	O	O
手	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
好	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
f	O	O
组	O	O
和	O	O
h	O	O
组	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
队	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O

昨	O	O
天	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
朗	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
用	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
为	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
球	O	O
队	O	O
争	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
双	I-ORG	I-ORG
喜	E-ORG	E-ORG
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
俱	O	O
乐	O	O
部	O	O
甲	O	O
级	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
7	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O

韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
队	O	O
员	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
都	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
荷	B-ORG	B-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
太	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
、	O	O
很	O	O
敏	O	O
捷	O	O
的	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
被	O	O
“	O	O
桔	O	O
黄	O	O
潮	O	O
”	O	O
压	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
1	O	O
号	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
尤	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
契	I-PER	I-PER
奇	E-PER	E-PER
谈	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
累	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
至	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
回	O	O
味	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

克	B-ORG	B-LOC
罗	I-ORG	I-LOC
地	I-ORG	I-LOC
亚	E-ORG	E-LOC
的	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
则	O	O
势	O	O
单	O	O
力	O	O
薄	O	O
，	O	O
偶	O	O
而	O	O
可	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
红	O	O
白	O	O
格	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
辆	O	O
辆	O	O
警	O	O
车	O	O
停	O	O
在	O	O
马	O	O
路	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
队	O	O
队	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
在	O	O
街	O	O
上	O	O
排	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
排	O	O
。	O	O

虽	O	O
然	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
球	O	O
迷	O	O
人	O	O
多	O	O
势	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
很	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
当	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
散	O	O
发	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
也	O	O
挥	O	O
舞	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O

享	O	O
受	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
快	O	O
意	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
会	O	O
茅	O	O
塞	O	O
顿	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
问	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
一	O	O
对	O	O
身	O	O
着	O	O
奇	O	O
装	O	O
异	O	O
服	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
做	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
的	O	O
？	O	O

在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
赛	O	O
段	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
麦	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
雷	E-PER	I-PER
驾	O	E-PER
的	O	O
车	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
失	O	O
灵	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
点	O	O
时	O	O
晚	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
而	O	O
被	O	O
罚	O	O
时	O	O
2	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
屈	O	O
居	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
。	O	O

下	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
廷	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
中	O	O
路	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
后	O	O
插	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
奥	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
加	E-PER	E-PER
起	O	O
左	O	O
脚	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
破	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O

花	O	O
白	O	O
头	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
弯	O	O
腰	O	O
在	O	O
麦	O	O
茬	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
雨	O	O
季	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
着	O	O
往	O	O
事	O	O
一	O	O
言	O	O
不	O	O
发	O	O

月	O	O
光	O	O
掠	O	O
过	O	O
土	O	O
场	O	O
六	O	O
月	O	O
高	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
麦	O	O
垛	O	O
矮	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
大	O	O
鸟	O	O
直	O	O
冲	O	O
云	O	O
霄	O	O

想	O	O
一	O	O
想	O	O
大	O	O
海	O	O
迁	O	O
徙	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
喧	O	O
嚣	O	O
、	O	O
那	O	O
宏	O	O
阔	O	O
、	O	O
那	O	O
壮	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
笔	O	O
墨	O	O
和	O	O
词	O	O
语	O	O
来	O	O
形	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
自	O	O
不	O	O
量	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
轻	O	O
慢	O	O
。	O	O

回	O	O
乡	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
多	O	O
有	O	O
酒	O	O
场	O	O
饭	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
友	O	O
。	O	O

没	O	O
有	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
也	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
的	O	O
孤	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
因	O	O
自	O	O
幼	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
双	O	O
亡	O	O
，	O	O
少	O	O
调	O	O
失	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
恃	O	O
膂	O	O
力	O	O
行	O	O
霸	O	O
道	O	O
欺	O	O
压	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
恶	O	O
棍	O	O
，	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
受	O	O
害	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
上	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
怕	O	O
官	O	O
司	O	O
打	O	O
不	O	O
赢	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
受	O	O
欺	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
天	O	O
他	O	O
便	O	O
装	O	O
上	O	O
街	O	O
查	O	O
访	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
喝	O	O
得	O	O
醉	O	O
醺	O	O
醺	O	O
的	O	O
壮	O	O
汉	O	O
顶	O	O
头	O	O
撞	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
眼	O	O
看	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
数	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
叫	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
世	O	O
道	O	O
好	O	O
不	O	O
公	O	O
！	O	O

王	S-PER	S-PER
太	O	O
守	O	O
除	O	O
三	O	O
害	O	O
（	O	O
金	B-LOC	B-LOC
台	E-LOC	E-LOC
随	O	O
感	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
1	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
完	O	O
《	O	O
方	O	O
珍	O	O
珠	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
龙	B-LOC	B-LOC
须	I-LOC	I-LOC
沟	E-LOC	E-LOC
》	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
剧	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
神	O	O
采	O	O
奕	O	O
奕	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
会	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
大	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

这	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
暑	O	O
假	O	O
回	O	O
京	S-LOC	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
家	O	O
住	O	O
灯	B-LOC	O
市	I-LOC	O
口	E-LOC	O
朝	B-LOC	O
阳	I-LOC	O
胡	I-LOC	O
同	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
新	O	O
盖	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
很	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
在	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
对	O	O
着	O	O
二	B-LOC	B-LOC
楼	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
厅	E-LOC	E-LOC
卖	O	O
茶	O	O
、	O	O
咖	O	O
啡	O	O
、	O	O
点	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
调	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
调	O	O
到	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
教	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O

觉	O	O
得	O	O
《	O	O
骆	O	O
驼	O	O
祥	B-PER	O
子	E-PER	O
》	O	O
结	O	O
局	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
悲	O	O
惨	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
受	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

八	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
还	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
如	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
坡	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
编	O	O
入	O	O
华	O	O
文	O	O
课	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
选	O	O
入	O	O
语	O	O
文	O	O
课	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
迄	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
。	O	O

结	O	O
合	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
早	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
投	O	O
考	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
我	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
亲	O	O
身	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
细	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
写	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O

昨	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
喀	B-ORG	B-LOC
麦	I-ORG	I-LOC
隆	E-ORG	E-LOC
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
赛	E-LOC	E-LOC
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
球	O	O
迷	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
后	O	O
无	O	O
所	O	O
事	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
天	O	O
泡	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
知	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
搞	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
些	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
赛	E-LOC	I-LOC
市	O	E-LOC
中	O	O
心	O	O
酒	O	O
吧	O	O
的	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
受	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
被	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
延	O	O
长	O	O
到	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
4	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
里	O	O
里	O	O
外	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
球	O	O
迷	O	O
坐	O	O
得	O	O
密	O	O
密	O	O
麻	O	O
麻	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
是	O	O
保	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
各	O	O
队	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
还	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
安	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

昨	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
沙	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
阿	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
伯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
进	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
体	I-LOC	I-LOC
育	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
与	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
比	O	O
赛	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
。	O	O

法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
体	I-LOC	I-LOC
育	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
启	O	O
用	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
未	O	O
修	O	O
整	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
球	O	O
门	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
坪	O	O
损	O	O
坏	O	O
较	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
大	O	O
超	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
杂	O	O
货	O	O
店	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
含	O	O
酒	O	O
精	O	O
饮	O	O
料	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O

娴	O	O
熟	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
和	O	O
快	O	O
攻	O	O
打	O	O
法	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
足	O	O
坛	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
潮	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
场	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
足	O	O
球	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
体	O	O
育	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
步	O	O
履	O	O
蹒	O	O
跚	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
，	O	O
商	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
敏	O	O
锐	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
灵	O	O
都	O	O
到	O	O
哪	O	O
儿	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

那	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
守	O	O
门	O	O
员	O	O
还	O	O
戴	O	O
着	O	O
鸭	O	O
舌	O	O
帽	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
副	O	O
朴	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
打	O	O
扮	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
最	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
。	O	O

摩	B-ORG	B-ORG
洛	I-ORG	I-ORG
哥	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
米	B-PER	B-PER
歇	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
服	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
表	O	O
现	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
扎	B-PER	B-PER
加	I-PER	I-PER
洛	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
很	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
踢	O	O
得	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O

即	O	O
使	O	O
打	O	O
平	O	O
再	O	O
得	O	O
1	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
共	O	O
3	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
出	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
摩	B-LOC	B-LOC
洛	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
苏	B-LOC	B-LOC
格	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
比	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

下	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
仅	O	O
5	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
再	O	O
次	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
过	O	O
人	O	O
绝	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
场	O	O
带	O	O
球	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
3	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
传	O	O
给	O	O
接	O	O
应	O	O
到	O	O
门	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
贝	B-PER	B-PER
贝	I-PER	I-PER
托	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
由	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
球	O	O
打	O	O
入	O	O
空	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
众	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
前	O	O
锋	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
第	O	O
9	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
接	O	O
里	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
传	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
凌	O	O
空	O	O
抽	O	O
射	O	O
，	O	O
攻	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
球	O	O
。	O	O

来	O	O
自	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
们	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
人	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
都	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
同	O	O
挪	B-ORG	B-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
以	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
战	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
使	O	O
两	O	O
队	O	O
都	O	O
还	O	O
存	O	O
有	O	O
出	O	O
线	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
使	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
a	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
仍	O	O
未	O	O
明	O	O
朗	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
输	O	O
了	O	O
就	O	O
被	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
的	O	O
苏	B-ORG	B-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
保	O	O
留	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O

英	B-ORG	B-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
霍	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
赢	O	O
了	O	O
比	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
都	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
下	O	O
场	O	O
打	O	O
败	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
朗	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
不	O	O
成	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

赛	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
6	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
评	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

虽	O	O
打	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
回	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
总	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
预	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
回	O	O
合	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
：	O	O

波	O	O
澜	O	O
不	O	O
惊	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
简	O	O
析	O	O

有	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
大	O	O
门	O	O
不	O	O
失	O	O
：	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-LOC
格	I-ORG	I-LOC
兰	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
廷	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
比	B-ORG	B-LOC
利	I-ORG	I-LOC
时	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
保	B-ORG	B-ORG
加	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
圭	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
荷	B-ORG	B-ORG
兰	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
罗	B-ORG	B-LOC
马	I-ORG	I-LOC
尼	I-ORG	I-LOC
亚	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-LOC
斯	I-ORG	I-LOC
拉	I-ORG	I-LOC
夫	E-ORG	E-LOC
。	O	O

3	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
黎	B-LOC	B-LOC
明	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
采	O	O
访	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
属	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
吃	O	O
大	O	O
喝	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
。	O	O

图	O	O
为	O	O
被	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
抗	O	O
震	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
的	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-ORG
流	I-LOC	I-ORG
图	I-LOC	I-ORG
乡	E-LOC	I-ORG
大	B-ORG	I-ORG
乌	I-ORG	I-ORG
土	I-ORG	I-ORG
沟	I-ORG	I-ORG
村	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
支	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
韩	B-PER	B-PER
发	E-PER	E-PER
（	O	O
右	O	O
）	O	O
与	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
搬	O	O
运	O	O
石	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
爵	B-ORG	B-ORG
士	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
龙	E-PER	E-PER
虽	O	O
然	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
都	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
节	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
给	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
多	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
：	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
属	O	O
拼	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
一	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
麦	B-PER	O
卡	I-PER	O
锡	E-PER	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
专	O	O
人	O	O
盯	O	O
防	O	O
。	O	O

队	O	O
员	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
高	O	O
涨	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
3	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

打	O	O
进	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
圈	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
洲	O	O
足	O	O
坛	O	O
的	O	O
佼	O	O
佼	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
也	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
强	O	O
弱	O	O
之	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
弱	O	O
队	O	O
向	O	O
强	O	O
队	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
股	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
几	O	O
许	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
。	O	O

罗	B-PER	B-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
了	O	O
长	O	O
相	O	O
颇	O	O
似	O	O
白	O	O
眉	O	O
大	O	O
侠	O	O
的	O	O
苏	B-LOC	B-LOC
格	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	I-LOC
门	O	E-LOC
将	O	O
吉	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
腾	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
为	O	O
苏	B-ORG	B-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
增	O	O
色	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
是	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
再	O	O
长	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
反	O	O
超	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
同	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-LOC
西	E-ORG	E-LOC
对	O	O
苏	B-ORG	B-LOC
格	I-ORG	I-LOC
兰	E-ORG	E-LOC
那	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
a	O	O
组	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
共	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
7	O	O
球	O	O
。	O	O

落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
意	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
此	O	O
后	O	O
屡	O	O
次	O	O
调	O	O
兵	O	O
遣	O	O
将	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
难	O	O
有	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
是	O	O
报	O	O
名	O	O
都	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
哪	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
去	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
田	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
首	O	O
届	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
达	O	O
标	O	O
赛	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
大	O	O
奖	O	O
赛	O	O
总	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
名	O	O
将	O	O
同	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
田	O	O
径	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
尚	O	O
属	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
场	O	O
竞	O	O
技	O	O
与	O	O
同	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
田	O	O
径	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O

连	O	O
日	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
航	E-ORG	E-ORG
八	O	O
九	O	O
成	O	O
航	O	O
班	O	O
被	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
亿	O	O
法	O	O
郎	O	O
。	O	O

9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
正	O	O
是	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

这	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
巨	O	O
人	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
叫	O	O
河	S-PER	O
、	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
密	I-PER	I-PER
欧	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
巴	B-PER	B-PER
波	I-PER	I-PER
罗	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
穆	B-PER	B-PER
萨	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

昨	O	O
夜	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
。	O	O

网	O	O
络	O	O
版	O	O
不	O	O
像	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
受	O	O
版	O	O
面	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
吃	O	O
稿	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
胃	O	O
口	O	O
”	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
用	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
奋	O	O
力	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
仍	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
预	O	O
支	O	O
歉	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
胜	O	O
则	O	O
流	O	O
芳	O	O
百	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
败	O	O
则	O	O
成	O	O
千	O	O
古	O	O
罪	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
之	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
想	O	O
而	O	O
知	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
贝	B-PER	B-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
认	O	O
为	O	O
卫	O	O
冕	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
重	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
沙	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
阿	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
伯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
时	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
每	O	O
日	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
半	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
2	O	O
点	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
不	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
万	O	O
众	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
申	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	E-LOC	E-LOC
申	O	O
办	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
许	O	O
诺	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
主	O	O
办	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
由	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
来	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
是	O	O
合	O	O
乎	O	O
逻	O	O
辑	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
或	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
普	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
蒂	I-PER	I-PER
尼	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
执	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
六	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
会	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
分	O	O
赛	O	O
区	O	O
吉	O	O
祥	O	O
物	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
“	O	O
燕	B-PER	O
燕	E-PER	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

爵	B-ORG	B-ORG
士	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
斯	B-PER	O
隆	E-PER	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
羞	O	O
愧	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
输	O	O
得	O	O
无	O	O
脸	O	O
见	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

爵	B-ORG	B-ORG
士	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
虽	O	O
上	O	O
场	O	O
在	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
8	O	O
8	O	O
∶	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
败	O	O
给	O	O
公	B-ORG	B-ORG
牛	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
但	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
输	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
倒	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
像	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
休	O	O
闲	O	O
度	O	O
假	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
他	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
惊	O	O
讶	O	O
。	O	O

球	O	O
队	O	O
在	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
备	O	O
战	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
亚	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

没	O	O
有	O	O
充	O	O
沛	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
攻	O	O
击	O	O
性	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
就	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
讲	O	O
求	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
防	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
形	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
变	O	O
换	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

几	O	O
乎	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
同	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
全	O	O
场	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
硬	O	O
碰	O	O
硬	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
。	O	O

布	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
即	O	O
席	O	O
演	O	O
说	O	O
中	O	O
讲	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
我	O	O
将	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
奔	O	O
跑	O	O
在	O	O
绿	O	O
茵	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
将	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
恐	O	O
怕	O	O
要	O	O
数	O	O
布	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
吉	I-PER	I-PER
龙	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
后	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
访	O	O
。	O	O

参	O	O
加	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
足	O	O
协	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O

马	B-PER	B-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
男	O	O
单	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
5	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
险	O	O
胜	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
亚	O	O
军	O	O
孔	B-PER	B-PER
令	I-PER	I-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
而	O	O
夺	O	O
冠	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
常	O	O
务	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
俊	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
到	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
是	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
繁	O	O
忙	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
抽	O	O
空	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
迪	I-LOC	I-LOC
达	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
成	B-ORG	B-ORG
都	I-ORG	I-ORG
双	I-ORG	I-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

多	O	O
亏	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
关	O	O
键	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
保	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
胜	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

约	B-PER	B-PER
翰	I-PER	I-PER
松	E-PER	E-PER
尽	O	O
管	O	O
竞	O	O
选	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
充	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
雄	O	O
厚	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
来	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
馈	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
也	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
庞	O	O
杂	O	O
。	O	O

六	O	O
月	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
大	O	O
奖	O	O
赛	O	O
总	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
山	B-LOC	O
西	E-LOC	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
魏	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
标	O	O
枪	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
技	O	O
压	O	O
群	O	O
芳	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
米	O	O
七	O	O
三	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
夺	O	O
冠	O	O
。	O	O

女	O	O
子	O	O
铅	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
桂	O	O
冠	O	O
为	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
老	O	O
将	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
梅	I-PER	I-PER
素	E-PER	E-PER
夺	O	O
得	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
米	O	O
7	O	O
4	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
赛	O	O
前	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
3	O	O
条	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
打	O	O
出	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
打	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
受	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
。	O	O

距	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
申	B-ORG	B-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
4	O	O
号	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
申	B-PER	O
思	E-PER	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
角	O	O
球	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
禁	O	O
区	O	O
外	O	O
抡	O	O
起	O	O
左	O	O
脚	O	O
猛	O	O
力	O	O
劲	O	O
射	O	O
，	O	O
敲	O	O
开	O	O
万	B-ORG	O
达	E-ORG	O
城	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
扳	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
也	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
不	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
甲	O	O
a	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
以	O	O
0	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
败	O	O
给	O	O
广	B-ORG	B-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
松	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

爱	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
爱	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O

范	B-PER	B-PER
仲	I-PER	I-PER
淹	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
为	O	O
己	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
有	O	O
《	O	O
岳	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
楼	E-LOC	E-LOC
记	O	O
》	O	O
传	O	O
世	O	O
；	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
以	O	O
物	O	O
喜	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
以	O	O
己	O	O
悲	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
先	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
之	O	O
忧	O	O
而	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
之	O	O
乐	O	O
而	O	O
乐	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
名	O	O
句	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
爱	O	O
民	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
祖	O	O
籍	O	O
是	O	O
襄	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
诗	O	O
圣	O	O
杜	B-PER	O
甫	E-PER	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
一	O	O
草	O	O
一	O	O
木	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
爱	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
一	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
俱	O	O
系	O	O
其	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
其	O	O
诗	O	O
又	O	O
被	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
诗	O	O
史	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
是	O	O
基	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
爱	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
才	O	O
坚	O	O
贞	O	O
不	O	O
屈	O	O
为	O	O
她	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
是	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
放	O	O
飞	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
鸽	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
纵	O	O
然	O	O
飞	O	O
向	O	O
天	O	O
涯	O	O
海	O	O
角	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
在	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
怀	O	O
抱	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
不	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

本	O	O
人	O	O
天	O	O
生	O	O
俗	O	O
根	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
寄	O	O
食	O	O
草	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
秉	O	O
性	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
雅	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

梁	B-PER	B-PER
实	I-PER	I-PER
秋	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
“	O	O
上	O	O
焉	O	O
者	O	O
细	O	O
啜	O	O
名	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
焉	O	O
者	O	O
牛	O	O
饮	O	O
茶	O	O
汤	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
就	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
下	O	O
焉	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

说	O	O
起	O	O
童	O	O
谣	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
又	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
联	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
画	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
听	O	O
得	O	O
懂	O	O
，	O	O
唱	O	O
得	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
得	O	O
广	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
牢	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
童	O	O
谣	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
胸	O	O
臆	O	O
，	O	O
纯	O	O
乎	O	O
天	O	O
籁	O	O
。	O	O

看	O	O
着	O	O
流	O	O
畅	O	O
、	O	O
光	O	O
润	O	O
的	O	O
笔	O	O
墨	O	O
线	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
、	O	O
神	O	O
形	O	O
兼	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
画	O	O
幅	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
慈	O	O
祥	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
注	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
蓦	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
脑	O	O
海	O	O
中	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
坎	O	O
坷	O	O
、	O	O
弯	O	O
曲	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
画	O	O
笔	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
画	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
的	O	O
脚	O	O
印	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
稳	O	O
健	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
浮	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
胡	S-PER	O
老	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
洁	O	O
身	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
不	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

更	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
惊	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
叶	O	O
子	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
宽	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
窄	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
疏	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
密	O	O
。	O	O

胡	S-PER	S-PER
老	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
画	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
画	O	O
得	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
菊	O	O
花	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
赶	O	O
上	O	O
分	O	O
根	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
赠	O	O
给	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
。	O	O

即	O	O
使	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
胡	S-PER	S-PER
老	O	O
也	O	O
心	O	O
甘	O	O
情	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
养	O	O
花	O	O
给	O	O
她	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
无	O	O
穷	O	O
的	O	O
乐	O	O
趣	O	O
。	O	O

已	O	O
经	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
神	O	O
话	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
是	O	O
僵	O	O
死	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
形	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
从	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
此	O	O
地	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
写	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
《	O	O
山	O	O
乡	O	O
巨	O	O
变	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
书	O	O
！	O	O

其	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
邑	O	O
人	O	O
立	O	O
碑	O	O
颂	O	O
扬	O	O
太	O	O
守	O	O
功	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
《	O	O
仙	O	O
人	O	O
唐	S-PER	O
君	O	O
之	O	O
碑	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
被	O	O
调	O	O
往	O	O
陕	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
陈	O	O
列	O	O
于	O	O
碑	O	O
林	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
汉	O	O
之	O	O
交	O	O
，	O	O
谶	O	O
纬	O	O
之	O	O
学	O	O
大	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
谶	O	O
语	O	O
伪	O	O
经	O	O
的	O	O
儒	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
算	O	O
是	O	O
学	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
仲	I-PER	I-PER
舒	E-PER	E-PER
学	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
谛	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
条	O	O
河	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
它	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
山	O	O
里	O	O
盘	O	O
桓	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
连	O	O
个	O	O
名	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
野	O	O
山	O	O
野	O	O
水	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
横	O	O
柯	O	O
上	O	O
蔽	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
昼	O	O
犹	O	O
昏	O	O
，	O	O
疏	O	O
条	O	O
交	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
见	O	O
日	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
岁	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
耳	O	O
聋	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
听	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
；	O	O
双	O	O
腿	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
；	O	O
糖	O	O
尿	O	O
病	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
不	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
街	O	O
小	O	O
巷	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
群	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
一	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O

下	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
组	O	O
织	O	O
反	O	O
攻	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
锋	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
明	I-PER	I-PER
宇	E-PER	E-PER
扳	O	O
回	O	O
1	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
战	O	O
成	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
平	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
仍	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
七	O	O
场	O	O
预	O	O
赛	O	O
只	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
来	O	O
后	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
坐	O	O
“	O	O
冷	O	O
板	O	O
凳	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
局	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
点	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
点	O	O
刁	O	O
，	O	O
网	O	O
前	O	O
调	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
快	O	O
球	O	O
掩	O	O
护	O	O
使	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
拦	O	O
网	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
防	O	O
不	O	O
胜	O	O
防	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
先	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
城	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
首	O	O
战	O	O
3	O	O
∶	O	O
0	O	O
轻	O	O
取	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
裁	I-ORG	I-ORG
判	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
经	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
在	O	O
与	O	O
申	B-ORG	B-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
比	O	O
赛	O	O
时	O	O
延	B-ORG	B-ORG
边	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
后	O	O
卫	O	O
左	O	O
上	O	O
臂	O	O
触	O	O
球	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
无	O	O
意	O	O
手	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
员	O	O
判	O	O
罚	O	O
点	O	O
球	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
误	O	O
判	O	O
；	O	O
当	O	O
即	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
该	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
主	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
员	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
甲	O	O
a	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
；	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
对	O	O
该	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
后	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
匈	B-ORG	B-ORG
牙	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
再	O	O
次	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
丢	O	O
失	O	O
了	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

奥	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
会	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
占	B-PER	B-PER
旭	I-PER	I-PER
刚	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
崔	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
及	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
总	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
兰	B-PER	B-PER
世	I-PER	I-PER
章	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
登	O	O
台	O	O
向	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

摩	B-ORG	B-ORG
洛	I-ORG	I-ORG
哥	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
犹	O	O
如	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
操	O	O
法	O	O
语	O	O
的	O	O
摩	B-ORG	B-ORG
洛	I-ORG	I-ORG
哥	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
员	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
身	O	O
处	O	O
异	O	O
国	O	O
他	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
陌	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
称	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

罗	B-PER	B-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
奥	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
”	O	O
那	O	O
番	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
影	O	O
射	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
像	O	O
中	O	O
场	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
里	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
所	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
奥	E-PER	E-PER
赢	O	O
得	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

而	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
加	E-PER	I-PER
则	O	E-PER
同	O	O
病	O	O
相	O	O
怜	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
腿	O	O
部	O	O
内	O	O
肌	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
伤	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
，	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
对	O	O
苏	B-LOC	B-LOC
格	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
役	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
上	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
对	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
“	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
”	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
替	O	O
补	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
费	B-PER	B-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
拉	E-PER	E-PER
前	O	O
些	O	O
天	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
在	O	O
休	O	O
假	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
代	O	O
替	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
奥	E-PER	E-PER
上	O	O
阵	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
“	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
机	O	O
票	O	O
去	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
都	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
爵	B-ORG	O
士	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
公	B-ORG	O
牛	E-ORG	O
在	O	O
常	O	O
规	O	O
赛	O	O
季	O	O
8	O	O
2	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
6	O	O
2	O	O
胜	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
爵	B-ORG	O
士	E-ORG	O
在	O	O
和	O	O
公	B-ORG	O
牛	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
全	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
爵	B-ORG	O
士	E-ORG	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
场	O	O
主	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
公	B-ORG	O
牛	E-ORG	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
盐	B-LOC	B-LOC
湖	I-LOC	I-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
取	O	O
得	O	O
1	O	O
场	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
连	O	O
冠	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

公	B-ORG	B-ORG
牛	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
虽	O	O
然	O	O
在	O	O
东	B-ORG	O
部	I-ORG	O
联	I-ORG	O
盟	E-ORG	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
中	O	O
以	O	O
8	O	O
8	O	O
∶	O	O
8	O	O
3	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
了	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
纳	I-ORG	I-ORG
步	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
者	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
“	O	O
就	O	O
地	O	O
解	O	O
散	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
总	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
征	O	O
途	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
满	O	O
7	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
公	B-ORG	B-ORG
牛	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
经	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
难	O	O
堪	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
征	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
除	O	O
孔	S-PER	O
、	O	O
刘	S-PER	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
男	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
励	I-PER	I-PER
勤	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
阎	B-PER	B-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
琳	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
女	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
是	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
晨	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
成	B-PER	B-PER
红	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
怡	I-PER	I-PER
宁	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
芬	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

观	O	O
众	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
足	B-ORG	B-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
中	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
下	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
彩	O	O
瞬	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
可	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

结	O	O
果	O	O
三	O	O
战	O	O
皆	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
挤	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
名	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
给	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
站	O	O
点	O	O
又	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
栏	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
快	O	O
讯	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
电	O	O
荟	O	O
萃	O	O
、	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
文	O	O
摘	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
早	O	O
上	O	O
6	O	O
时	O	O
和	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
3	O	O
时	O	O
各	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
不	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
热	O	O
身	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
输	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
0	O	O
∶	O	O
3	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
未	O	O
能	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
典	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
被	O	O
看	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
近	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
糟	O	O
糕	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

卡	B-PER	B-PER
伦	I-PER	I-PER
布	E-PER	E-PER
从	O	O
前	O	O
卫	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
后	O	O
撤	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
出	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
与	O	O
擅	O	O
长	O	O
盯	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
图	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
姆	E-PER	E-PER
组	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
防	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
系	O	O
数	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

赛	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
专	O	O
门	O	O
演	O	O
练	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
以	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
0	O	O
小	O	O
胜	O	O
比	B-ORG	B-LOC
利	I-ORG	I-LOC
时	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
平	O	O
摩	B-ORG	B-LOC
洛	I-ORG	I-LOC
哥	E-ORG	E-LOC
。	O	O

3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
中	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
后	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
就	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
米	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
浪	O	O
。	O	O

各	O	O
连	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
能	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
特	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
圈	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
连	O	O
队	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
个	O	O
子	O	O
怕	O	O
错	O	O
过	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
弹	O	O
射	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
了	O	O
急	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
建	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
球	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
修	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
器	O	O
材	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
新	O	O
鲜	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
踢	O	O
“	O	O
雪	O	O
地	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
“	O	O
雨	O	O
中	O	O
篮	O	O
球	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
球	O	O
装	O	O
沙	O	O
子	O	O
打	O	O
“	O	O
保	O	O
龄	O	O
球	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
间	O	O
隙	O	O
扛	O	O
起	O	O
炮	O	O
弹	O	O
“	O	O
环	O	O
城	O	O
跑	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
兵	O	O
滚	O	O
轮	O	O
胎	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O

f	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
也	O	O
格	O	O
外	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
，	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
鏖	O	O
战	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
7	O	O
6	O	O
∶	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
险	O	O
胜	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
中	O	O
锋	O	O
莱	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
再	O	O
次	O	O
拿	O	O
下	O	O
全	O	O
场	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
分	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
9	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
凡	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
赛	I-LOC	I-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
闻	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
开	O	O
始	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
网	O	O
站	O	O
将	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
互	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
法	B-ORG	O
新	I-ORG	O
社	E-ORG	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
6	O	O
4	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
和	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
、	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
库	O	O
、	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
支	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
主	O	O
办	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
等	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
翻	O	O
译	O	O
成	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
。	O	O

上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
申	I-ORG	I-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
俱	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
郁	B-PER	B-PER
知	I-PER	I-PER
非	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
聘	O	O
任	O	O
原	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
圣	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
俱	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
穆	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
西	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
略	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
申	B-ORG	B-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
申	B-ORG	B-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
波	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
安	B-PER	O
杰	I-PER	O
依	E-PER	O
改	O	O
聘	O	O
为	O	O
申	B-ORG	O
花	I-ORG	O
足	I-ORG	O
球	I-ORG	O
俱	I-ORG	O
乐	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-LOC
圳	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
散	O	O
打	O	O
搏	O	O
击	O	O
拳	O	O
王	O	O
争	O	O
霸	O	O
赛	O	O
从	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-LOC
圳	E-LOC	E-LOC
世	B-LOC	O
界	I-LOC	O
之	I-LOC	O
窗	I-LOC	O
广	I-LOC	O
场	E-LOC	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
帷	O	O
幕	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
5	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
逐	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
（	O	O
从	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
岁	O	O
至	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
不	O	O
等	O	O
）	O	O
早	O	O
早	O	O
地	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
着	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
。	O	O

下	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
三	O	O
分	O	O
球	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
威	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
投	O	O
中	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
三	O	O
分	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
前	O	O
5	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
将	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
追	O	O
成	O	O
7	O	O
4	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

布	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
权	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
轮	O	O
到	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
申	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
立	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
曾	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
过	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
冠	O	O
军	O	O
立	B-ORG	B-ORG
陶	I-ORG	I-ORG
宛	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

昨	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
e	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
5	O	O
8	O	O
∶	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
输	O	O
给	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
班	I-ORG	I-ORG
牙	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
6	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
5	O	O
2	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
立	B-ORG	B-ORG
陶	I-ORG	I-ORG
宛	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
天	O	O
失	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
篮	O	O
板	O	O
球	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

评	O	O
选	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
由	O	O
《	B-ORG	B-ORG
健	I-ORG	I-ORG
康	I-ORG	I-ORG
顾	I-ORG	I-ORG
问	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
深	B-ORG	B-ORG
圳	I-ORG	I-ORG
花	I-ORG	I-ORG
仙	I-ORG	I-ORG
子	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
设	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
在	O	O
场	O	O
外	O	O
焦	O	O
急	O	O
地	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
虚	O	O
弱	O	O
的	O	O
国	B-ORG	O
安	E-ORG	O
后	O	O
防	O	O
，	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
锋	O	O
线	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
连	I-ORG	I-ORG
万	I-ORG	I-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
却	O	O
破	O	O
门	O	O
乏	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O

继	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
获	O	O
3	O	O
枚	O	O
金	O	O
牌	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
鹏	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
津	I-PER	I-PER
京	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
双	O	O
杠	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
干	O	O
净	O	O
利	O	O
索	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
颖	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
信	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
免	O	O
疫	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
下	O	O
向	O	O
被	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
攻	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
（	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
新	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
）	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
士	E-LOC	E-LOC
正	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
疫	O	O
苗	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
艾	O	O
滋	O	O
病	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
药	O	O
物	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
罂	O	O
粟	O	O
“	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
”	O	O
了	O	O
该	O	O
真	O	O
菌	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
茎	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
叶	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
蚀	O	O
斑	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
周	O	O
内	O	O
被	O	O
“	O	O
杀	O	O
死	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
立	O	O
法	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
塞	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
其	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
塞	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
监	I-ORG	I-ORG
督	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
挥	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
局	O	O
将	O	O
7	O	O
件	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
移	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
上	O	O
交	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
增	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

联	B-ORG	B-ORG
邦	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
监	I-ORG	I-ORG
督	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
遥	O	O
控	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
开	O	O
启	O	O
它	O	O
所	O	O
携	O	O
带	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
将	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
至	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
断	O	O
。	O	O

英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
《	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
周	I-ORG	I-ORG
刊	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
型	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
对	O	O
耕	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
时	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
为	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
范	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O

刘	B-PER	B-PER
达	I-PER	I-PER
政	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
《	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
干	O	O
扰	O	O
。	O	O

刘	B-PER	B-PER
达	I-PER	I-PER
政	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
回	O	O
归	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
曾	O	O
散	O	O
布	O	O
悲	O	O
观	O	O
论	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
港	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
好	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
表	O	O
示	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
余	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

假	O	O
如	O	O
你	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
与	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
消	O	O
失	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
便	O	O
会	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
对	O	O
你	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
忠	O	O
诚	O	O
，	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
离	O	O
你	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
想	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
到	O	O
回	O	O
头	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
忠	O	O
诚	O	O
于	O	O
你	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
他	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
等	O	O
在	O	O
店	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
待	O	O
我	O	O
取	O	O
走	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
关	O	O
门	O	O
离	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
待	O	O
民	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
家	O	O
民	O	O
工	O	O
技	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
意	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
又	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
层	O	O
的	O	O
兴	B-LOC	O
农	I-LOC	O
大	I-LOC	O
厦	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
极	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

驻	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
波	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
利	O	O
用	O	O
宁	B-LOC	O
波	E-LOC	O
保	O	O
税	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
区	O	O
位	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
保	O	O
税	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
保	O	O
税	O	O
仓	O	O
。	O	O

劫	O	O
车	O	O
人	O	O
弃	O	O
车	O	O
逃	O	O
进	O	O
农	O	O
贸	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
干	O	O
警	O	O
紧	O	O
追	O	O
不	O	O
舍	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
将	O	O
劫	O	O
出	O	O
租	O	O
车	O	O
嫌	O	O
疑	O	O
人	O	O
抓	O	O
获	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
源	O	O
于	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O

交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
出	O	O
警	O	O
慢	O	O
、	O	O
勘	O	O
察	O	O
慢	O	O
、	O	O
定	O	O
责	O	O
慢	O	O
、	O	O
结	O	O
案	O	O
慢	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
错	O	O
案	O	O
”	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

建	O	O
设	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
与	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
息	O	O
息	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
济	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
棉	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	I-ORG
工	O	I-ORG
人	O	I-ORG
大	O	E-ORG
批	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
桩	O	O
心	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

郓	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
亚	B-ORG	B-ORG
世	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
佩	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
心	O	O
里	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

事	O	O
业	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
时	O	O
刻	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
着	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
叫	O	O
祝	B-PER	B-PER
巧	I-PER	I-PER
文	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
原	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
没	O	O
领	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
钱	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
企	O	O
盼	O	O
着	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
绿	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
靠	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
臂	O	O
，	O	O
撑	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
蓝	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
一	O	O
再	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
出	O	O
要	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
干	O	O
打	O	O
手	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
惩	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
传	O	O
媒	O	O
披	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-LOC
圳	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
殴	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
司	O	O
空	O	O
见	O	O
惯	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
厂	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
更	O	O
狠	O	O
、	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
而	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
厂	O	O
长	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
临	O	O
难	O	O
不	O	O
惧	O	O
、	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
厂	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
叫	O	O
党	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
请	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
潜	O	O
心	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
低	O	O
一	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
”	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
电	O	O
流	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
流	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
可	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
准	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
二	O	O
者	O	O
较	O	O
完	O	O
美	O	O
地	O	O
融	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
带	O	O
人	O	O
走	O	O
南	O	O
闯	O	O
北	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
场	O	O
合	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
办	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
地	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
向	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
提	O	O
供	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
辞	O	O
退	O	O
了	O	O
保	O	O
姆	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
家	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
所	O	O
迫	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
社	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
到	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
、	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
—	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
元	O	O
旦	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
全	O	O
家	O	O
还	O	O
到	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
坡	E-LOC	E-LOC
去	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
。	O	O

克	B-PER	B-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
蒂	I-PER	I-PER
安	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
理	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
里	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拿	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
蒂	I-PER	I-PER
安	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
萨	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
喀	I-LOC	I-LOC
彻	I-LOC	I-LOC
温	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
里	B-LOC	B-LOC
贾	I-LOC	I-LOC
纳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
全	B-ORG	O
加	I-ORG	O
城	I-ORG	O
市	I-ORG	O
联	I-ORG	O
合	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
联	O	O
接	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拿	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
内	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
将	O	O
把	O	O
全	O	O
加	S-LOC	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
和	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
都	O	O
纳	O	O
入	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
佩	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	E-ORG	E-ORG
维	B-LOC	B-LOC
也	I-LOC	I-LOC
纳	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
议	O	O
曾	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
日	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
却	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
收	O	O
效	O	O
甚	O	O
微	O	O
。	O	O

中	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
加	S-LOC	O
三	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
辽	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	O	O
部	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
鸟	O	O
龙	O	O
化	O	O
石	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
起	O	O
源	O	O
于	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
食	O	O
肉	O	O
恐	O	O
龙	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
据	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
，	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
债	O	O
务	O	O
过	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
于	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
4	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
时	O	O
提	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
近	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
4	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
是	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O

金	O	O
融	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
犯	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
进	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
不	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
司	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
受	O	O
惩	O	O
罚	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
名	O	O
誉	O	O
会	O	O
受	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	O
如	O	O
该	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
去	O	O
秋	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
很	O	O
受	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O

负	O	O
责	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
庞	O	O
大	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
培	B-ORG	B-ORG
训	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
职	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

龙	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
图	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
也	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
面	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
表	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
亚	B-ORG	B-ORG
太	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
贸	O	O
易	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
区	O	O
别	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
味	O	O
强	O	O
求	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
妨	O	O
碍	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
并	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
行	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

声	O	O
明	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
会	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
自	O	O
愿	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
税	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
表	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
正	O	O
趋	O	O
于	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

非	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
由	O	O
非	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
非	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
尼	B-ORG	B-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
信	I-ORG	I-ORG
托	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	E-ORG	E-ORG
3	O	O
个	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
股	O	O
将	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
非	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
（	O	O
即	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
）	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
使	O	O
非	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
握	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
份	O	O
额	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
／	O	O
5	O	O
。	O	O

非	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
本	O	O
届	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
法	O	O
定	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
将	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
个	O	O
记	O	O
账	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
记	O	O
账	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
约	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
6	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
亿	O	O
个	O	O
记	O	O
账	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
府	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
进	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
口	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
员	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
届	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

弗	B-LOC	B-LOC
吉	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
州	O	O
长	O	O
吉	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
吉	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
摩	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
像	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
使	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

据	O	O
石	B-ORG	B-ORG
油	I-ORG	I-ORG
输	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	I-ORG	E-ORG
（	I-ORG	O
欧	I-ORG	B-ORG
佩	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
）	I-ORG	I-ORG
秘	I-ORG	I-ORG
书	I-ORG	I-ORG
处	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
两	O	O
周	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
该	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
七	O	O
种	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
一	O	O
揽	O	O
子	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
价	O	O
又	O	O
从	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
桶	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
·	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
每	O	O
桶	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
·	O	O
5	O	O
5	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

令	O	O
人	O	O
担	O	O
忧	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
毒	O	O
贩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
奇	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
悄	O	O
悄	O	O
带	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
兜	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
早	O	O
先	O	O
的	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
者	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
向	O	O
低	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
阶	O	O
层	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
。	O	O

许	O	O
多	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
贫	O	O
民	O	O
窟	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
穷	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
赚	O	O
钱	O	O
养	O	O
家	O	O
糊	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
真	O	O
想	O	O
大	O	O
声	O	O
地	O	O
跑	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
街	O	O
呐	O	O
喊	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
滚	O	O
蛋	O	O
吧	O	O
！	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
所	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
面	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
仍	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
地	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O

职	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O

职	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
是	O	O
突	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
而	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O

空	B-ORG	B-ORG
客	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
同	O	O
时	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
新	O	O
订	O	O
购	O	O
客	O	O
机	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
架	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
太	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
航	O	O
业	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
最	O	O
具	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
测	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
秒	O	O
钟	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
架	O	O
空	B-ORG	O
客	E-ORG	O
客	O	O
机	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
某	O	O
个	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
起	O	O
飞	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
流	O	O
量	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
将	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
呼	O	O
吸	O	O
道	O	O
感	O	O
染	O	O
、	O	O
结	O	O
核	O	O
病	O	O
和	O	O
癌	O	O
症	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
意	I-LOC	I-LOC
志	E-LOC	E-LOC
之	O	O
角	O	O
”	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
节	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O

采	O	O
访	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
问	O	B-PER
拉	B-PER	I-PER
埃	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
否	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
下	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
莫	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O

车	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
间	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
供	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
和	O	O
与	O	O
雇	O	O
主	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
雷	I-ORG	I-ORG
丁	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
精	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
混	O	O
沌	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O

补	O	O
充	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
估	O	O
价	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
助	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
金	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
信	O	O
贷	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
《	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	E-ORG	E-ORG
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
在	O	O
伦	B-LOC	B-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
希	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
及	O	O
曼	B-LOC	B-PER
彻	I-LOC	I-PER
斯	I-LOC	I-PER
特	E-LOC	E-PER
等	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
候	O	O
机	O	O
厅	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
丰	B-ORG	B-ORG
田	E-ORG	E-ORG
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
际	O	O
电	O	O
动	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
及	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
会	O	O
；	O	O
与	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
交	O	O
流	O	O
了	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
；	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
丰	B-ORG	B-ORG
田	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
签	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
动	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
及	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
意	O	O
向	O	O
书	O	O
；	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
与	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
洋	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
就	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
二	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
碳	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

硬	O	O
件	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
等	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
植	O	O
树	O	O
造	O	O
林	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
本	O	O
周	O	O
末	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
七	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
部	O	O
分	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
副	O	O
财	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
上	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
撑	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
纽	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
道	B-ORG	B-ORG
—	I-ORG	I-ORG
琼	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	E-ORG	E-ORG
3	O	O
0	O	O
种	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
大	O	O
跌	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
这	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
长	O	O
征	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
结	O	O
盟	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
迟	O	O
迟	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-ORG	O
航	E-ORG	O
从	O	O
其	O	O
对	O	O
伦	B-LOC	B-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
希	B-LOC	B-LOC
思	I-LOC	I-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
机	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
中	O	O
受	O	O
益	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
创	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
讽	O	O
刺	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
三	O	O
周	O	O
多	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
再	O	O
次	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
了	O	O
它	O	O
对	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	I-ORG
结	O	I-ORG
盟	O	E-ORG
的	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
强	O	O
结	O	O
盟	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
了	O	O
欧	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
间	O	O
横	O	O
跨	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
洋	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
航	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O

坐	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
忽	O	O
然	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
拥	O	O
挤	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
厢	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
疏	O	O
朗	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
容	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
宜	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

告	O	O
别	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
博	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
淡	O	O
泊	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
溢	O	O
满	O	O
心	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O

再	O	O
说	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
性	O	O
急	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
开	O	O
头	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
兴	O	O
致	O	O
过	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
尾	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
草	O	O
草	O	O
收	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
养	O	O
成	O	O
善	O	O
始	O	O
善	O	O
终	O	O
的	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
学	O	O
问	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
理	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
没	O	O
见	O	O
开	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
绿	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
冬	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

风	O	O
中	O	O
那	O	O
片	O	O
无	O	O
名	O	O
草	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
钟	B-PER	B-PER
敬	I-PER	I-PER
文	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
病	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
看	O	O
似	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
琐	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
点	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
世	O	O
态	O	O
炎	O	O
凉	O	O
的	O	O
叹	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O

尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
读	O	O
完	O	O
郭	B-PER	B-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
集	O	O
《	O	O
心	O	O
境	O	O
》	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
越	O	O
发	O	O
自	O	O
信	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
京	B-LOC	B-LOC
九	I-LOC	I-LOC
铁	I-LOC	I-LOC
路	E-LOC	E-LOC
京	S-LOC	B-LOC
南	O	E-LOC
第	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
站	O	O
衡	B-LOC	O
水	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
家	O	O
“	O	O
古	B-LOC	O
今	I-LOC	O
鼻	I-LOC	O
烟	I-LOC	O
壶	I-LOC	O
艺	I-LOC	O
术	I-LOC	O
馆	E-LOC	O
”	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
揭	O	O
牌	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
或	O	O
可	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
师	I-PER	I-PER
曾	E-PER	E-PER
“	O	O
玩	O	O
命	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
注	O	O
脚	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
漫	O	O
天	O	O
风	O	O
沙	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
入	O	O
死	O	O
的	O	O
唐	B-PER	O
师	I-PER	O
曾	E-PER	O
用	O	O
心	O	O
贴	O	O
近	O	O
那	O	O
块	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
陌	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
所	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
曲	O	O
折	O	O
离	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
另	O	O
外	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
正	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
歃	O	O
血	O	O
为	O	O
盟	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
有	O	O
领	O	O
袖	O	O
、	O	O
将	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
志	O	O
士	O	O
和	O	O
贫	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O

洪	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
火	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
、	O	O
骚	O	O
乱	O	O
、	O	O
瘟	O	O
疫	O	O
、	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
唐	B-PER	O
师	I-PER	O
曾	E-PER	O
是	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
装	O	O
备	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
畏	O	O
刀	O	O
剑	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
突	O	O
发	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
我	O	O
丝	O	O
毫	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
奇	O	O
怪	O	O
听	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
远	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
夏	O	O
天	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
共	O	O
知	O	O
的	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
著	O	O
名	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
作	O	O
《	O	O
我	O	O
钻	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
金	O	O
字	O	O
塔	O	O
》	O	O
（	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
知	I-ORG	I-ORG
识	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
版	O	O
）	O	O
就	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
灼	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
浪	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
三	B-LOC	B-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
韬	I-LOC	I-LOC
奋	I-LOC	I-LOC
图	I-LOC	I-LOC
书	I-LOC	I-LOC
中	I-LOC	I-LOC
心	E-LOC	E-LOC
连	O	O
续	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
高	O	O
居	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
排	O	O
行	O	O
榜	O	O
之	O	O
首	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
摆	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
京	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
书	O	O
摊	O	O
最	O	O
抢	O	O
眼	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
大	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
会	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
逃	O	O
避	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
差	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
爱	O	O
看	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
、	O	O
玩	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
游	O	O
戏	O	O
机	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
逃	O	O
避	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O

考	O	O
试	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
次	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
刺	O	O
激	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
进	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
刻	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
把	O	O
落	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
课	O	O
补	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

老	O	O
师	O	O
点	O	O
着	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
试	O	O
卷	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
明	O	O
媚	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
在	O	O
讲	O	O
完	O	O
课	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
经	O	O
意	O	O
似	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
卷	O	O
子	O	O
判	O	O
完	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

在	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
b	I-ORG	I-ORG
i	I-ORG	I-ORG
s	I-ORG	I-ORG
s	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
学	O	O
期	O	O
末	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
都	O	O
与	O	O
每	O	O
位	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
约	O	O
好	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
谈	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
半	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-PER	B-PER
君	I-PER	I-PER
秋	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
生	O	O
前	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
部	O	O
张	S-PER	O
派	O	O
戏	O	O
的	O	O
配	O	O
像	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
去	O	O
世	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
部	O	O
张	S-PER	O
派	O	O
戏	O	O
配	O	O
像	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
严	O	O
寒	O	O
酷	O	O
暑	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
每	O	O
出	O	O
戏	O	O
都	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
说	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
招	O	O
一	O	O
式	O	O
做	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
本	O	O
身	O	O
对	O	O
多	B-PER	B-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
验	O	O
证	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
所	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
研	O	O
究	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
对	O	O
多	B-PER	B-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
也	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
尾	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
还	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
刻	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
正	O	O
好	O	O
穿	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
桥	O	O
，	O	O
横	O	O
摆	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
节	O	O
车	O	O
厢	O	O
以	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
力	O	O
将	O	O
桥	O	O
墩	O	O
撞	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
桥	O	O
坍	O	O
塌	O	O
，	O	O
压	O	O
住	O	O
车	O	O
厢	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
酿	O	O
成	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
近	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
惨	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
，	O	O
8	O	O
8	O	O
人	O	O
重	O	O
伤	O	O
。	O	O

例	O	O
如	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
与	O	O
外	O	O
币	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
若	O	O
按	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
换	O	O
算	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
比	O	O
率	O	O
又	O	O
将	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
借	O	O
贷	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
你	O	O
在	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
杭	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
地	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
着	O	O
温	O	O
和	O	O
湿	O	O
润	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
季	O	O
风	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
曾	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
下	O	O
游	O	O
曾	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
炎	O	O
热	O	O
干	O	O
旱	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
像	O	O
现	O	O
今	O	O
的	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
撒	B-LOC	B-LOC
哈	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
沙	O	O
漠	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
股	O	O
市	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
扬	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
点	O	O
收	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
财	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
鲁	B-PER	B-PER
宾	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
也	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
货	O	O
币	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
同	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
货	O	O
币	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
“	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
元	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
是	O	O
使	O	O
力	O	O
图	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
给	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
丁	I-LOC	I-LOC
美	I-LOC	I-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
麻	O	O
烦	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
现	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
大	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
向	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
额	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

货	B-ORG	B-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
职	O	O
员	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
严	O	O
于	O	O
律	O	O
己	O	O
。	O	O

除	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
还	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
向	O	O
货	B-ORG	B-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
报	O	O
告	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
投	O	O
机	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
从	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
上	O	O
找	O	O
出	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
并	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
通	O	O
常	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
纵	O	O
、	O	O
横	O	O
两	O	O
种	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
：	O	O
纵	O	O
向	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
重	O	O
在	O	O
看	O	O
衔	O	O
接	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
表	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
做	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
；	O	O
横	O	O
向	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
家	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
做	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
面	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
龄	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	O	O
为	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
最	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
龄	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
和	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
；	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
种	O	O
既	O	O
得	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
将	O	O
尖	O	O
锐	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
化	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
；	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
攀	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
可	O	O
预	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
令	O	O
世	O	O
人	O	O
失	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
跌	O	O
破	O	O
某	O	O
个	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
（	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
或	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
又	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
扭	O	O
转	O	O
劣	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
从	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
场	O	O
流	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
联	O	O
汇	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
她	O	O
和	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

来	O	O
了	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
她	O	O
才	O	O
吃	O	O
惊	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
算	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
中	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
是	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
还	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
学	O	O
学	O	O
士	O	O
和	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
计	O	O
划	O	O
究	O	O
竟	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
？	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
受	O	O
聘	O	O
于	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
卓	B-PER	B-PER
科	I-PER	I-PER
达	E-PER	E-PER
应	O	O
聘	O	O
任	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
专	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
比	O	O
山	O	O
更	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
地	I-ORG	O
质	I-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
会	I-ORG	O
构	I-ORG	O
造	I-ORG	O
地	I-ORG	O
质	I-ORG	O
和	I-ORG	O
大	I-ORG	O
地	I-ORG	O
构	I-ORG	O
造	I-ORG	O
分	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
终	O	O
生	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O

伯	B-PER	B-PER
奇	I-PER	I-PER
费	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
与	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
智	I-PER	I-PER
梁	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
跨	O	O
地	O	O
块	O	O
的	O	O
涡	O	O
旋	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
地	B-LOC	B-LOC
球	E-LOC	E-LOC
动	O	O
力	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

伯	B-PER	B-PER
奇	I-PER	I-PER
费	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
描	O	O
述	O	O
性	O	O
向	O	O
定	O	O
量	O	O
化	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
从	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
—	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
我	O	O
要	O	O
问	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
我	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
值	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
课	O	O
堂	O	O
上	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
踊	O	O
跃	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
问	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
索	B-ORG	B-LOC
尼	E-ORG	E-LOC
及	O	O
飞	B-ORG	B-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
浦	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
英	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
用	I-ORG	I-ORG
机	I-ORG	I-ORG
器	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
基	O	O
于	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
视	O	O
盘	O	O
（	O	O
d	O	O
v	O	O
d	O	O
）	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
激	O	O
光	O	O
唱	O	O
盘	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
9	O	O
月	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
制	O	O
式	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
们	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
相	O	O
似	O	O
但	O	O
不	O	O
兼	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
这	O	O
很	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
将	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
制	O	O
式	O	O
之	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O

世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
黄	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
穆	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
里	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
酋	E-LOC	E-LOC
商	O	O
业	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
迪	B-LOC	O
拜	E-LOC	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
需	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
近	O	O
千	O	O
吨	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
曼	B-LOC	B-LOC
谷	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
受	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
股	O	O
市	O	O
下	O	O
挫	O	O
和	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
股	O	O
市	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
暴	O	O
跌	O	O
。	O	O

受	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
股	O	O
市	O	O
呈	O	O
不	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
跌	O	O
破	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
大	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
藏	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
天	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
际	O	O
收	O	O
支	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
·	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
《	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
议	O	O
程	O	O
》	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
摊	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
。	O	O

沙	B-PER	B-PER
莉	I-PER	I-PER
娜	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
女	O	O
士	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
求	O	O
职	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
招	O	O
聘	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
劝	O	O
导	O	O
他	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
。	O	O

研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
活	O	O
性	O	O
氧	O	O
分	O	O
解	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
肠	O	O
菌	O	O
过	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
氢	O	O
酶	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
植	O	O
入	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
的	O	O
叶	O	O
绿	O	O
体	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
耐	O	O
旱	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
天	B-ORG	O
然	I-ORG	O
气	I-ORG	O
工	I-ORG	O
业	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
统	B-ORG	O
一	I-ORG	O
电	I-ORG	O
力	I-ORG	O
系	I-ORG	O
统	E-ORG	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
对	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
敷	O	O
衍	O	O
了	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
催	O	O
促	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
还	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
去	O	O
不	O	O
复	O	O
返	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
已	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
要	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
。	O	O

波	B-PER	B-PER
奇	I-PER	I-PER
诺	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
和	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
付	O	O
诸	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
或	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
七	O	O
国	O	O
不	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
联	O	O
手	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
的	O	O
跌	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
0	O	O
家	O	O
大	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
财	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
坏	O	O
账	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
核	O	O
销	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
（	O	O
约	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
（	O	O
约	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
使	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
周	O	O
转	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
输	O	O
出	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
接	O	O
二	O	O
连	O	O
三	O	O
地	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
沽	O	O
售	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
内	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
是	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O

东	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
波	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
接	O	O
连	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O

首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
泡	O	O
沫	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
失	O	O
策	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
把	O	O
辛	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
苦	O	O
地	O	O
挣	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
人	O	O
管	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
怎	O	O
能	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
？	O	O

坏	O	O
账	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
使	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
对	O	O
借	O	O
债	O	O
者	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
选	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
小	O	O
心	O	O
翼	O	O
翼	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
与	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
苛	O	O
刻	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
“	O	O
惜	O	O
贷	O	O
”	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
收	O	O
缩	O	O
，	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
了	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
至	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
比	O	O
前	O	O
期	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
0	O	O
．	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
些	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
坏	O	O
账	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
极	O	O
难	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
自	O	O
力	O	O
来	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
前	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
萧	O	O
条	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
疏	O	O
漏	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
编	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
也	O	O
尽	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
补	O	O
足	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
都	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
既	O	O
要	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
庆	O	O
贺	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
》	O	O
专	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
深	O	O
知	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
和	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
撰	O	O
写	O	O
和	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
稿	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
清	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	E-ORG	E-ORG
读	O	O
书	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
编	O	O
壁	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	E-ORG
当	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
专	O	O
跑	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
文	O	O
卫	O	O
的	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
柏	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
就	O	O
当	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
她	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
。	O	O

谁	O	O
来	O	O
给	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
当	O	O
助	O	O
手	O	O
？	O	O

（	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
杂	O	O
谈	O	O
）	O	O

过	O	O
去	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
裁	O	O
员	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
麾	O	O
下	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
济	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
霸	O	O
主	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
思	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
近	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
差	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
占	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
商	O	O
务	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
。	O	O

辛	B-PER	O
蒂	E-PER	O
和	O	O
莱	B-PER	B-PER
昂	I-PER	I-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
德	E-PER	E-PER
甚	O	O
至	O	O
连	O	O
给	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
取	O	O
名	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
漫	O	O
不	O	O
经	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
离	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
不	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
斯	B-ORG	B-ORG
坦	I-ORG	I-ORG
福	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
辛	B-PER	O
蒂	E-PER	O
和	O	O
莱	B-PER	B-PER
昂	I-PER	I-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
德	E-PER	E-PER
夫	O	O
妇	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
多	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
路	O	O
由	O	O
器	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
校	O	O
园	O	O
网	O	O
和	O	O
外	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
连	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
淦	I-PER	I-PER
昌	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
此	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
。	O	O

核	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
淦	I-PER	I-PER
昌	E-PER	E-PER
院	O	O
士	O	O
在	O	O
其	O	O
自	O	O
述	O	O
中	O	O
讲	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
时	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
往	O	O
事	O	O
：	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
波	B-PER	O
特	E-PER	O
用	O	O
α	O	O
粒	O	O
子	O	O
轰	O	O
击	O	O
钡	O	O
核	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
贯	O	O
穿	O	O
辐	O	O
射	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
射	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

安	B-ORG	B-ORG
徽	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
新	O	O
近	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
在	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
时	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
这	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
被	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
优	O	O
胜	O	O
劣	O	O
汰	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
曾	O	O
问	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
在	O	O
飞	B-ORG	B-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
浦	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
：	O	O
飞	B-ORG	B-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
浦	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
少	O	O
才	O	O
不	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
v	O	O
c	O	O
d	O	O
整	O	O
机	O	O
？	O	O

二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
－	O	O
－	O	O
－	O	O
对	O	O
v	O	O
c	O	O
d	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
1	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O

我	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
她	O	O
百	O	O
尺	O	O
竿	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
结	O	O
结	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
期	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
篇	O	O
。	O	O

科	O	O
技	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
做	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
求	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
植	O	O
“	O	O
爱	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
用	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
论	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
谈	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
会	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
延	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
的	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O

科	O	O
技	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
是	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
紧	O	O
扣	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
脉	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
跟	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
瞄	O	O
准	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
追	O	O
踪	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
产	O	O
品	O	O
对	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
产	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
上	O	O
将	O	O
趋	O	O
于	O	O
劣	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
危	O	O
及	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
对	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
出	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
撤	O	O
消	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
农	O	O
业	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
菲	B-PER	B-PER
施	I-PER	I-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
当	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
牛	O	O
肉	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
是	O	O
牛	O	O
肉	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
是	O	O
去	O	O
骨	O	O
牛	O	O
肉	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
牛	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
和	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
向	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
提	O	O
供	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
七	O	O
国	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
尽	O	O
快	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
愿	O	O
向	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
提	O	O
供	O	O
新	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O

采	O	O
访	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
由	O	O
衷	O	O
地	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
展	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
变	O	O
为	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
请	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
谈	O	O
对	O	O
洽	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
场	O	O
确	O	O
实	O	O
太	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
也	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
对	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
很	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

9	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
便	O	O
和	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
企	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
项	O	O
意	O	O
向	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
已	O	O
增	O	O
至	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
从	O	O
罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	E-LOC	E-LOC
飞	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
前	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
厅	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
意	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
咨	I-ORG	I-ORG
询	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
正	O	O
在	O	O
和	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-LOC
苏	I-ORG	I-LOC
省	I-ORG	E-LOC
昆	I-ORG	B-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
农	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
签	O	O
订	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
向	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-ORG
大	I-LOC	I-ORG
利	E-LOC	I-ORG
公	O	I-ORG
司	O	E-ORG
总	O	O
裁	O	O
名	O	O
叫	O	O
保	B-PER	B-PER
罗	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
邦	I-PER	I-PER
珀	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
谈	O	O
吐	O	O
间	O	O
流	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
欧	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
特	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
豪	O	O
爽	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
间	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
讳	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
再	O	O
罩	O	O
阴	O	O
云	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
再	O	O
起	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
标	O	O
题	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
醒	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
些	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
口	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
口	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
抵	O	O
消	O	O
内	O	O
需	O	O
不	O	O
振	O	O
的	O	O
负	O	O
面	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
；	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
将	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
涨	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
因	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
紧	O	O
缩	O	O
隐	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
并	O	O
无	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
德	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
大	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
名	O	O
列	O	O
前	O	O
茅	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
坦	O	O
率	O	O
地	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
能	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
份	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
算	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
幸	O	O
运	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

亚	B-PER	B-PER
米	I-PER	I-PER
尼	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
就	O	O
从	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
里	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
系	E-ORG	E-ORG
毕	O	O
业	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
为	O	O
找	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
东	O	O
奔	O	O
西	O	O
跑	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
停	O	O
地	O	O
去	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
干	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
不	O	O
屈	O	O
才	O	O
”	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
德	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	E-LOC	E-LOC
两	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O

促	B-ORG	O
进	I-ORG	O
投	I-ORG	O
资	I-ORG	O
委	I-ORG	O
员	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
7	O	O
项	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
为	O	O
：	O	O
非	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
；	O	O
豁	O	O
免	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
业	O	O
厂	O	O
商	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
新	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
入	O	O
口	O	O
关	O	O
税	O	O
；	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
占	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
劳	O	O
工	O	O
在	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
人	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
免	O	O
税	O	O
3	O	O
至	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
；	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
可	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
经	O	O
纪	O	O
业	O	O
；	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
对	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
；	O	O
放	O	O
宽	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
房	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
曼	B-LOC	B-LOC
谷	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
成	B-PER	B-PER
元	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
川	B-PER	B-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
立	I-PER	I-PER
派	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
促	B-ORG	O
进	I-ORG	O
投	I-ORG	B-ORG
资	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
7	O	O
项	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
以	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O

相	O	O
比	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
对	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
出	O	O
指	O	O
控	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
指	O	O
控	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O

事	O	O
实	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
件	O	O
案	O	O
子	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
本	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
放	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
仅	O	O
比	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
与	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
动	O	O
辄	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
—	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
相	O	O
提	O	O
并	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
还	O	O
就	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
对	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
价	O	O
在	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
多	O	O
日	O	O
攀	O	O
升	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
回	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O

菲	B-LOC	B-LOC
律	I-LOC	I-LOC
宾	E-LOC	E-LOC
呆	O	O
账	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
放	O	O
慢	O	O
。	O	O

维	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
普	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
兹	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
在	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
清	I-ORG	I-ORG
算	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
六	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
年	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
时	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

墨	S-LOC	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
两	O	O
处	O	O
玛	B-LOC	O
雅	E-LOC	O
古	O	O
迹	O	O
（	O	O
考	O	O
古	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
）	O	O

此	O	O
次	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
协	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
汉	B-ORG	B-ORG
诺	I-ORG	I-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
标	O	O
志	O	O
着	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
将	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
正	O	O
规	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O

专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
佩	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
力	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
减	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
佩	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
非	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
佩	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	E-ORG	E-ORG
产	O	O
油	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
方	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
酋	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
扎	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	E-LOC	E-LOC
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
对	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
”	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
陈	O	O
述	O	O
己	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
切	O	O
中	O	O
时	O	O
弊	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
该	O	O
町	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
废	O	O
弃	O	O
的	O	O
矿	O	O
坑	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
槽	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
槽	O	O
中	O	O
灌	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
来	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
射	O	O
线	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
气	O	O
中	O	O
相	O	O
撞	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
气	O	O
中	O	O
微	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
中	O	O
微	O	O
子	O	O
有	O	O
静	O	O
止	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
就	O	O
将	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
脱	O	O
氧	O	O
核	O	O
糖	O	O
核	O	O
酸	O	O
受	O	O
损	O	O
伤	O	O
是	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
变	O	O
异	O	O
和	O	O
致	O	O
癌	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

总	O	O
部	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瓦	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
论	I-ORG	I-ORG
坛	E-ORG	E-ORG
近	O	O
日	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
排	O	O
行	O	O
榜	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
名	O	O
列	O	O
排	O	O
行	O	O
榜	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

来	O	O
自	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
名	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
将	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
钢	O	O
琴	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
提	O	O
琴	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
提	O	O
琴	O	O
和	O	O
声	O	O
乐	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
要	O	O
在	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
使	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
有	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
周	O	O
边	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
减	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
口	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
放	O	O
慢	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
走	O	O
得	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
为	O	O
其	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
定	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
依	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
渗	O	O
透	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
互	O	O
信	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
波	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
均	O	O
衡	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

概	O	O
括	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
凸	O	O
现	O	O
其	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
“	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
效	O	O
应	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
天	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
；	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
；	O	O
借	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
梯	O	O
度	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
之	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
转	O	O
轨	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
亦	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
从	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
推	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
居	O	O
于	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
配	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O

南	B-LOC	B-LOC
达	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	I-LOC	I-LOC
他	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
还	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
半	O	O
尺	O	O
多	O	O
厚	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
降	O	O
雪	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
南	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
得	B-LOC	B-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
萨	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
前	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
曾	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
热	O	O
浪	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
医	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
”	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
瑞	B-ORG	B-ORG
士	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
收	O	O
购	O	O
了	O	O
山	B-ORG	O
一	I-ORG	O
证	I-ORG	O
券	I-ORG	O
信	I-ORG	O
息	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
资	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	I-ORG
参	O	I-ORG
股	O	I-ORG
东	B-ORG	I-ORG
邦	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
命	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
险	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
并	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
由	O	O
资	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
占	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
的	O	O
子	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
管	O	O
东	B-ORG	B-ORG
邦	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
命	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
险	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
患	O	O
肺	O	O
癌	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
4	O	O
倍	O	O
，	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
乳	O	O
腺	O	O
癌	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
跌	O	O
至	O	O
七	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
1	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O

但	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
相	O	O
布	B-PER	B-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
4	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
议	B-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
敦	B-ORG	B-ORG
雷	I-ORG	I-ORG
核	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
丢	O	O
失	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
浓	O	O
缩	O	O
铀	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
对	O	O
核	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
核	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
被	O	O
偷	O	O
走	O	O
或	O	O
丢	O	O
失	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
对	O	O
核	O	O
泄	O	O
漏	O	O
的	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
伙	O	O
“	O	O
黑	O	O
客	O	O
”	O	O
有	O	O
6	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
岁	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
岁	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
黑	O	O
客	O	O
”	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
于	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
从	O	O
得	B-LOC	B-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
萨	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
萨	B-LOC	B-PER
姆	I-LOC	I-PER
·	I-LOC	I-PER
休	I-LOC	I-PER
斯	I-LOC	I-PER
敦	I-LOC	I-PER
堡	E-LOC	E-PER
的	O	O
陆	B-ORG	O
军	E-ORG	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
切	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
军	O	O
部	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O

你	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
皮	O	O
货	O	O
修	O	O
理	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
目	O	O
了	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
、	O	O
也	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
瞎	O	O
编	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
毛	O	O
病	O	O
来	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
收	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
老	O	O
老	O	O
实	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
索	O	O
取	O	O
报	O	O
酬	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
你	O	O
“	O	O
可	O	O
信	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
矿	O	O
厂	O	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
修	O	O
鞋	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
便	O	O
在	O	O
修	O	O
鞋	O	O
店	O	O
干	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
修	O	O
鞋	O	O
行	O	O
当	O	O
。	O	O

名	O	O
字	O	O
别	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
皮	O	O
货	O	O
修	O	O
理	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
店	O	O
主	O	O
名	O	O
叫	O	O
佛	B-PER	B-PER
朗	I-PER	I-PER
切	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
科	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
蒙	I-PER	I-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
多	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
叫	O	O
他	O	O
佛	B-PER	B-PER
朗	I-PER	I-PER
科	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
对	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
场	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
原	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
向	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
投	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
了	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

维	B-ORG	B-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
裁	O	O
柯	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
钱	I-PER	I-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
后	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
界	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
维	B-ORG	B-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
劳	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
莱	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
汽	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
好	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
。	O	O

佩	B-ORG	B-ORG
诺	I-ORG	I-ORG
—	I-ORG	I-ORG
里	I-ORG	I-ORG
加	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
失	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
可	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
有	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
在	O	O
酒	O	O
类	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
在	O	O
酒	O	O
类	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
在	O	O
早	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
可	B-ORG	B-ORG
口	I-ORG	I-ORG
可	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
并	O	O
未	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
灰	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
眼	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
场	O	O
共	O	O
出	O	O
栏	O	O
肥	O	O
猪	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
肉	O	O
食	O	O
鸡	O	O
近	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
只	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
辽	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
像	O	O
郎	B-PER	B-PER
芳	E-PER	E-PER
这	O	O
样	O	O
到	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
有	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
陵	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	I-LOC
满	B-LOC	I-LOC
堂	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
二	B-LOC	B-LOC
道	I-LOC	I-LOC
沟	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
家	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
饲	O	O
养	O	O
棚	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
挤	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
外	O	O
形	O	O
与	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
鸡	O	O
雏	O	O
相	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
火	O	O
鸡	O	O
鸡	O	O
雏	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
渐	O	O
渐	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
销	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
鸡	O	O
蛋	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
村	O	O
庄	O	O
养	O	O
鸡	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
鸡	O	O
蛋	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
赣	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
租	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
店	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
倒	O	O
蛋	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
到	O	O
永	B-LOC	B-LOC
丰	E-LOC	I-LOC
山	O	I-LOC
乡	O	E-LOC
走	O	O
一	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
随	O	O
处	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
跃	O	O
入	O	O
商	O	O
海	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
女	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
影	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
锅	O	O
里	O	O
吃	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
房	O	O
里	O	O
睡	O	O
觉	O	O
。	O	O

几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
过	O	O
德	O	O
智	O	O
体	O	O
美	O	O
劳	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
好	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
”	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
人	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
绘	O	O
画	O	O
、	O	O
数	O	O
学	O	O
等	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
希	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
更	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
备	O	O
课	O	O
中	O	O
挖	O	O
掘	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
相	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
情	O	O
节	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
使	O	O
课	O	O
堂	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
阵	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
英	O	O
雄	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
兼	O	O
课	O	O
和	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
处	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
熏	O	O
陶	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
心	O	O
胸	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
园	O	O
地	O	O
辛	O	O
勤	O	O
耕	O	O
耘	O	O
过	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
过	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
五	O	O
一	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
奖	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-ORG
津	I-LOC	I-ORG
市	E-LOC	I-ORG
岳	B-ORG	I-ORG
阳	I-ORG	I-ORG
道	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
校	O	O
长	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
希	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
孜	O	O
孜	O	O
不	O	O
倦	O	O
地	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
三	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
来	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

公	B-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
有	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
齐	O	O
心	O	O
协	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
工	B-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
致	I-PER	I-PER
玲	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
功	O	O
劳	O	O
。	O	O

何	B-PER	B-PER
新	I-PER	I-PER
荣	E-PER	E-PER
想	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
工	B-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
张	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
。	O	O

虽	O	O
然	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
未	O	O
必	O	O
“	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
食	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
念	O	O
稼	O	O
穑	O	O
之	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
；	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
衣	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
思	O	O
纺	O	O
绩	O	O
之	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
苗	B-PER	O
苗	E-PER	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
从	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
书	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
做	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
做	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
或	O	O
缺	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
”	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
苗	B-PER	B-PER
苗	E-PER	E-PER
把	O	O
挣	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
捐	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
可	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
腰	O	O
里	O	O
扎	O	O
上	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
围	O	O
裙	O	O
，	O	O
脚	O	O
底	O	O
下	O	O
如	O	O
同	O	O
穿	O	O
了	O	O
旱	O	O
冰	O	O
鞋	O	O
，	O	O
扫	O	O
地	O	O
擦	O	O
桌	O	O
子	O	O
“	O	O
嗖	O	O
嗖	O	O
”	O	O
地	O	O
一	O	O
趟	O	O
趟	O	O
往	O	O
厨	O	O
房	O	O
跑	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
使	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
从	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
听	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
期	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O

全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
妇	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
环	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
·	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
·	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
”	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
9	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
与	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
”	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
百	O	O
佳	O	O
、	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
圆	O	O
满	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
“	B-ORG	O
发	I-ORG	O
现	I-ORG	O
”	I-ORG	O
号	E-ORG	O
升	O	O
空	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
贮	O	O
水	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
因	O	O
阀	O	O
门	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
而	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
漏	O	O
水	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
位	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
故	O	O
障	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
天	O	O
线	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
地	B-LOC	O
面	I-LOC	O
控	I-LOC	O
制	I-LOC	O
中	I-LOC	O
心	E-LOC	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
同	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
向	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
回	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
图	O	O
像	O	O
和	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
法	O	O
磁	O	O
谱	O	O
仪	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
仍	O	O
储	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
平	I-LOC	I-LOC
洋	E-LOC	I-LOC
西	O	I-LOC
岸	O	E-LOC
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
可	O	O
望	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
回	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
3	O	O
·	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
诱	O	O
发	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
股	O	O
市	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
届	O	O
时	O	O
反	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
股	O	O
市	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
和	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
最	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
元	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
身	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
：	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
是	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
企	O	O
业	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
决	O	O
算	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
索	B-ORG	O
尼	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
本	B-ORG	O
田	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
丰	B-ORG	B-ORG
田	E-ORG	E-ORG
汽	O	O
车	O	O
等	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
企	O	O
业	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
；	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
界	O	O
线	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
0	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
贴	O	O
现	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
闻	O	O
央	B-ORG	O
行	E-ORG	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
商	O	O
讨	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
贴	O	O
现	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
来	O	O
相	O	O
差	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
倍	O	O
的	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
利	O	O
率	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
；	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
债	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
若	O	O
按	O	O
新	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
；	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
等	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
负	O	O
面	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
牵	O	O
制	O	O
着	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
上	O	O
扬	O	O
。	O	O

股	O	O
市	O	O
上	O	O
扬	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
和	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
膨	O	O
胀	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
比	O	O
索	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
汇	O	O
价	O	O
急	O	O
剧	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
盛	I-LOC	I-LOC
顿	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
云	I-PER	I-PER
飞	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
五	B-ORG	O
月	I-ORG	O
花	I-ORG	O
饭	I-ORG	O
店	E-ORG	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
盛	O	O
大	O	O
宴	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
该	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
用	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
暗	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
则	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
使	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
粒	O	O
子	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
大	O	O
为	O	O
震	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
暗	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
法	O	O
磁	O	O
谱	O	O
仪	O	O
”	O	O
初	O	O
定	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
随	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
进	O	O
驻	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
法	I-LOC	I-LOC
空	I-LOC	I-LOC
间	I-LOC	I-LOC
站	E-LOC	E-LOC
三	O	O
至	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
届	O	O
时	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
揭	O	O
开	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
的	O	O
奥	O	O
秘	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
”	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
法	O	O
磁	O	O
谱	O	O
仪	O	O
”	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
夏	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
开	O	O
始	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
用	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
上	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
磁	O	O
铁	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
超	O	O
导	O	O
磁	O	O
铁	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
磁	O	O
共	O	O
振	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
有	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
决	O	O
定	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
钕	O	O
铁	O	O
硼	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
用	O	O
磁	O	O
铁	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O

陈	B-PER	B-PER
和	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
阿	O	O
尔	O	O
法	O	O
磁	O	O
谱	O	O
仪	O	O
”	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
裔	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
诺	B-PER	B-PER
贝	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
奖	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
者	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
肇	I-PER	I-PER
中	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
暗	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
时	O	O
速	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
—	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
京	S-LOC	B-LOC
沪	S-LOC	I-LOC
高	O	I-LOC
速	O	E-LOC
客	O	O
运	O	O
专	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
摆	O	O
式	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
超	O	O
导	O	O
磁	O	O
浮	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
声	O	O
势	O	O
浩	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
新	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
！	O	O

欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
铁	I-ORG	I-ORG
路	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
经	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	O	O
速	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
网	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
神	O	O
鹰	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
列	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
速	O	O
可	O	O
达	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
院	O	O
士	O	O
沈	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER

威	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
康	I-LOC	I-LOC
星	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
密	B-LOC	B-LOC
歇	I-LOC	I-LOC
根	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
也	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
人	O	O
丧	O	O
命	O	O
于	O	O
暴	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
雅	B-LOC	B-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
达	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
长	O	O
苏	B-PER	B-PER
佐	I-PER	I-PER
诺	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
对	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
前	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
苏	B-PER	B-PER
哈	I-PER	I-PER
托	E-PER	E-PER
及	O	O
其	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
假	O	O
释	O	O
犯	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
性	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
《	I-ORG	I-ORG
星	I-ORG	I-ORG
期	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
泰	I-ORG	I-ORG
晤	I-ORG	I-ORG
士	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	E-ORG	E-ORG
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
肯	B-LOC	O
特	I-LOC	O
郡	E-LOC	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
语	O	O
音	O	O
识	O	O
别	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
假	O	O
释	O	O
犯	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
俩	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
年	O	O
级	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

范	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
伦	E-PER	E-PER
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
远	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	O	O
部	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
弗	I-LOC	I-LOC
吉	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
小	O	O
镇	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
心	O	O
仪	O	O
已	O	O
久	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
旅	B-ORG	B-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
者	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
预	O	O
定	O	O
同	O	O
花	B-ORG	B-ORG
旗	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
合	O	O
并	O	O
。	O	O

并	O	O
且	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
兴	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	E-ORG	I-ORG
与	O	I-ORG
旅	B-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
者	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
难	O	O
免	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
东	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
菱	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
生	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
兴	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	E-ORG	E-ORG
就	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
再	O	O
顾	O	O
虑	O	O
旧	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
第	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
子	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
兴	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
金	B-PER	O
子	I-PER	O
昌	I-PER	O
资	E-PER	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
怕	O	O
“	O	O
向	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
场	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
毅	O	O
然	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
被	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
兴	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	E-ORG	E-ORG
曾	O	O
求	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	B-ORG
东	B-ORG	I-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
菱	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
但	O	O
事	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
另	O	O
寻	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-ORG	B-ORG
兴	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
本	O	O
来	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
就	O	O
比	O	O
野	B-ORG	O
村	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
大	B-ORG	O
和	E-ORG	O
等	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
略	O	O
逊	O	O
一	O	O
筹	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
不	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
死	O	O
存	O	O
亡	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
与	O	O
总	B-ORG	O
会	I-ORG	O
屋	E-ORG	O
勾	O	O
结	O	O
的	O	O
丑	O	O
闻	O	O
、	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
议	O	O
员	O	O
炒	O	O
股	O	O
的	O	O
丑	O	O
闻	O	O
接	O	O
连	O	O
曝	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
兴	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
信	O	O
誉	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
评	O	O
级	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
对	O	O
其	O	O
评	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
等	O	O
级	O	O
也	O	O
频	O	O
频	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
从	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
转	O	O
轨	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
等	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
于	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
企	O	O
业	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
也	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
担	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
积	O	O
压	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
则	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
两	O	O
地	O	O
差	O	O
价	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
去	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
存	O	O
仓	O	O
分	O	O
拨	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
批	O	O
发	O	O
兼	O	O
零	O	O
售	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
见	O	O
效	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
冒	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
适	O	O
合	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
强	O	O
但	O	O
又	O	O
急	O	O
于	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
遥	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
对	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
还	O	O
不	O	O
甚	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
未	O	O
涉	O	O
足	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
公	O	O
司	O	O
、	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
去	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
场	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
也	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
遵	O	O
纪	O	O
守	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
4	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
将	O	O
他	O	O
关	O	O
进	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
建	O	O
树	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
了	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
日	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	B-LOC	B-ORG
民	I-LOC	I-ORG
议	I-LOC	I-ORG
会	I-LOC	E-ORG
大	I-LOC	O
厦	E-LOC	O
隆	O	O
重	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
联	I-ORG	O
邦	I-ORG	O
快	I-ORG	O
递	E-ORG	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
在	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
服	O	O
务	O	O
联	B-ORG	O
邦	I-ORG	O
快	I-ORG	O
递	E-ORG	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
及	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
平	I-LOC	I-LOC
洋	E-LOC	I-LOC
区	O	E-LOC
副	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
庄	B-PER	B-PER
明	I-PER	I-PER
锟	E-PER	E-PER
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
即	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
新	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
客	O	O
户	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
灵	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
与	O	O
更	O	O
便	O	O
捷	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
在	O	O
4	O	O
4	O	O
到	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
摄	O	O
氏	O	O
度	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
德	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
于	O	O
酷	O	O
热	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
让	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
回	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
持	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
将	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
边	O	O
疆	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
全	O	O
副	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
税	O	O
警	O	O
对	O	O
商	O	O
贩	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O

政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
节	O	O
省	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
些	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
不	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
在	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
渡	O	O
过	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
基	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
延	I-PER	I-PER
科	E-PER	E-PER
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
将	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
近	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
归	O	O
结	O	O
于	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
、	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O

青	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
忙	O	O
碌	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
来	O	O
此	O	O
坐	O	O
坐	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
一	O	O
曲	O	O
轻	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
喝	O	O
一	O	O
杯	O	O
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
谈	O	O
一	O	O
谈	O	O
见	O	O
闻	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
长	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
能	O	O
容	O	O
纳	O	O
三	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
酒	O	O
吧	O	O
竟	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
去	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
酒	O	O
吧	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
也	O	O
超	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
挣	O	O
钱	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
要	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
得	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
能	O	O
去	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
就	O	O
显	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

在	O	O
和	O	O
黑	O	O
人	O	O
同	O	O
胞	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
亲	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
暗	O	O
下	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
黑	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
窘	O	O
迫	O	O
境	O	O
况	O	O
做	O	O
点	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

信	B-ORG	B-ORG
托	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
大	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
名	O	O
职	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
黑	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
仅	O	O
2	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
黑	O	O
人	O	O
白	O	O
人	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
内	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
积	O	O
蓄	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
吸	O	O
烟	O	O
时	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
吸	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
有	O	O
毒	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
从	O	O
烟	O	O
草	O	O
燃	O	O
烧	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
烟	O	O
雾	O	O
中	O	O
分	O	O
离	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
约	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
种	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
毒	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
已	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
仍	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
零	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O

交	O	B-ORG
易	O	I-ORG
市	O	I-ORG
场	O	I-ORG
上	O	I-ORG
市	O	I-ORG
公	O	I-ORG
司	O	E-ORG
股	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
兑	O	O
卢	O	O
布	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
从	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
6	O	O
·	O	O
2	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
6	O	O
·	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
；	O	O
此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
非	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
墨	S-LOC	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
周	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
向	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
肠	O	O
道	O	O
寄	O	O
生	O	O
虫	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
和	O	O
呼	O	O
吸	O	O
道	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
到	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
办	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

汽	O	O
车	O	O
奔	O	O
驰	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
弋	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
路	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	O	O
展	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
银	I-ORG	O
行	E-ORG	O
在	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
性	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
赞	B-ORG	B-LOC
比	I-ORG	I-LOC
亚	I-ORG	E-LOC
中	I-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
赞	B-LOC	B-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
卢	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	I-LOC	I-LOC
卡	E-LOC	E-LOC
正	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
岚	I-PER	I-PER
清	E-PER	E-PER
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
时	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
轻	O	O
视	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
去	O	O
挤	O	O
占	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
企	O	O
业	O	O
去	O	O
办	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
小	O	O
、	O	O
见	O	O
效	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
资	O	O
或	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
家	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
器	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
、	O	O
卡	O	O
车	O	O
和	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
拖	O	O
拉	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
日	O	O
用	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

伊	S-LOC	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
划	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
伊	S-LOC	S-LOC
科	S-LOC	S-LOC
边	O	O
界	O	O

迄	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
“	O	O
趋	O	O
零	O	O
”	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
已	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
标	I-ORG	I-ORG
准	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
颁	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
i	O	O
s	O	O
o	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
、	O	O
气	O	O
雾	O	O
剂	O	O
及	O	O
溶	O	O
剂	O	O
所	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
含	O	O
氯	O	O
氟	O	O
烃	O	O
等	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
臭	O	O
氧	O	O
层	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
空	O	O
洞	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
向	O	O
大	O	O
气	O	O
中	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
二	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
碳	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
初	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
碳	O	O
的	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
量	O	O
就	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O
量	O	O
占	O	O
6	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
口	O	O
无	O	O
节	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
地	B-LOC	B-LOC
球	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
正	O	O
以	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
。	O	O

海	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	I-ORG
敦	O	I-ORG
促	O	I-ORG
伊	B-LOC	I-ORG
拉	I-LOC	I-ORG
克	E-LOC	I-ORG
遵	O	I-ORG
守	O	I-ORG
安	B-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
决	O	O
议	O	O

墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
清	O	O
除	O	O
『	O	O
死	O	O
蟑	O	O
螂	O	O
』	O	O
（	O	O
走	O	O
街	O	O
串	O	O
巷	O	O
）	O	O

市	O	O
内	O	O
和	O	O
城	O	O
郊	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
万	O	O
木	O	O
葱	O	O
茏	O	O
，	O	O
绿	O	O
草	O	O
如	O	O
茵	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
栽	O	O
树	O	O
木	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
白	O	O
杨	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
梧	O	O
桐	O	O
、	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	E-LOC	E-LOC
花	O	O
梨	O	O
木	O	O
、	O	O
椴	O	O
树	O	O
和	O	O
蓝	O	O
花	O	O
楹	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
躬	O	O
逢	O	O
其	O	O
盛	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
睹	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
第	I-LOC	I-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
部	O	O
落	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
聚	O	O
集	O	O
在	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
城	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
载	O	O
歌	O	O
载	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
庆	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O

俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
何	I-ORG	I-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
布	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
则	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
见	O	O
面	O	O
就	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
口	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
教	O	O
英	O	O
语	O	O
。	O	O

公	B-ORG	B-ORG
司	I-ORG	E-ORG
全	I-ORG	O
球	I-ORG	O
工	I-ORG	O
程	I-ORG	O
控	I-ORG	O
制	I-ORG	O
中	I-ORG	O
心	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
布	B-PER	B-PER
福	I-PER	I-PER
德	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
里	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
与	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
深	O	O
表	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
城	O	O
多	O	O
车	O	O
道	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
总	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
3	O	O
·	O	O
8	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
都	O	O
很	O	O
顺	O	O
畅	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
向	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
座	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
馆	O	O
分	O	O
三	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
：	O	O
联	B-LOC	O
邦	I-LOC	O
大	I-LOC	O
楼	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
址	O	O
上	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
8	O	O
张	O	O
空	O	O
椅	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
原	O	O
大	O	O
楼	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
中	O	O
每	O	O
层	O	O
的	O	O
死	O	O
难	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
分	O	O
9	O	O
行	O	O
排	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
种	O	O
上	O	O
松	O	O
树	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
死	O	O
难	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
；	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
第	B-LOC	O
五	I-LOC	O
街	E-LOC	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
长	O	O
方	O	O
形	O	O
的	O	O
倒	O	O
影	O	O
湖	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
面	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
馆	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
遵	O	O
纪	O	O
守	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
杜	O	O
绝	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

负	O	O
责	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
的	O	O
威	B-PER	O
廉	E-PER	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
建	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
何	I-LOC	I-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	I-LOC	I-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
纪	I-LOC	I-LOC
念	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
在	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
完	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O

被	O	O
炸	O	O
毁	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
座	O	O
联	B-LOC	O
邦	I-LOC	O
大	I-LOC	O
楼	E-LOC	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
第	B-LOC	O
五	I-LOC	O
街	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
痕	O	O
迹	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
荡	O	O
然	O	O
无	O	O
存	O	O
。	O	O

来	O	O
自	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
周	B-PER	O
元	E-PER	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
深	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
能	O	O
有	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
侨	O	O
都	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
昌	O	O
盛	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
渥	B-LOC	B-LOC
太	I-LOC	I-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
邹	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
浩	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拿	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
渥	B-LOC	B-LOC
太	I-LOC	I-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
社	O	O
团	O	O
领	O	O
袖	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
移	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
驻	I-ORG	O
加	I-ORG	B-LOC
大	I-ORG	I-LOC
使	I-ORG	I-LOC
馆	E-ORG	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
回	O	O
归	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
1	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
由	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
唱	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
庆	O	O
祝	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
回	O	O
归	O	O
1	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
社	O	O
团	O	O
和	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
歌	O	O
唱	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
赴	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
旧	B-LOC	B-LOC
金	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
波	B-LOC	B-LOC
士	I-LOC	I-LOC
顿	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
休	B-LOC	B-PER
斯	I-LOC	I-PER
顿	E-LOC	E-PER
、	O	O
洛	B-LOC	B-LOC
杉	I-LOC	I-LOC
矶	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
5	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
性	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
道	O	O
援	O	O
引	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
将	O	O
掀	O	O
开	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
页	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
伯	E-LOC	E-LOC
世	O	O
界	O	O
对	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
违	O	O
背	O	O
奥	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
陆	E-LOC	E-LOC
协	O	O
议	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
大	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
悉	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
侨	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
也	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
聚	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
回	O	O
到	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
怀	O	O
抱	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
爱	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
相	O	O
随	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
有	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
芬	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
至	O	O
今	O	O
在	O	O
解	O	O
除	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
回	O	O
避	O	O
和	O	O
搪	O	O
塞	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
芬	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
曾	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
了	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
爱	I-ORG	I-ORG
地	I-ORG	I-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
中	O	O
的	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
新	O	O
教	O	O
教	O	O
派	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
解	O	O
除	O	O
准	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
和	O	O
释	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
押	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
爱	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
性	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
仍	O	O
深	O	O
存	O	O
疑	O	O
虑	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
教	O	O
教	O	O
派	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
裂	O	O
呈	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
爱	I-ORG	I-ORG
地	I-ORG	I-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
选	O	O
举	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
傍	O	O
晚	O	O
揭	O	O
晓	O	O
。	O	O

公	O	O
报	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
贝	B-PER	B-PER
耶	E-PER	E-PER
乘	O	O
坐	O	O
的	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
残	O	O
骸	O	O
已	O	O
在	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
让	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
北	O	O
数	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
处	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
透	O	O
露	O	O
机	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
还	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

维	B-LOC	B-LOC
也	I-LOC	I-LOC
纳	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
享	O	O
誉	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
和	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
奥	B-LOC	B-LOC
地	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
丰	O	O
富	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
化	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
如	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
蒂	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
奥	B-LOC	B-LOC
地	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
上	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O

文	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
个	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
强	O	O
劲	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
文	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
把	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
非	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
厂	O	O
聘	O	O
请	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
共	O	O
同	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
k	O	O
c	O	O
c	O	O
”	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
尾	O	O
气	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
催	O	O
化	O	O
剂	O	O
和	O	O
净	O	O
化	O	O
消	O	O
声	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
一	O	O
投	O	O
放	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
就	O	O
供	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
犹	O	O
觉	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
财	O	O
源	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

厂	O	O
长	O	O
瞿	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
拿	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
截	O	O
光	O	O
洁	O	O
晶	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
钛	O	O
钢	O	O
对	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
钛	O	O
钢	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
每	O	O
吨	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
要	O	O
比	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
钢	O	O
高	O	O
出	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
老	B-ORG	B-ORG
k	E-ORG	E-ORG
多	O	O
次	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
楼	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
压	O	O
缩	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
技	O	O
改	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
德	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
意	S-LOC	S-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
引	O	O
入	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
套	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O

无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
中	O	O
等	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
前	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
支	O	O
配	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
聚	O	O
集	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
对	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
有	O	O
偏	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O

在	O	O
买	O	O
方	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
缺	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
比	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
更	O	O
显	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
地	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
硬	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
在	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
在	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
重	O	O
塑	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

武	B-LOC	B-ORG
进	I-LOC	I-ORG
市	E-LOC	I-ORG
芙	B-ORG	I-ORG
蓉	I-ORG	I-ORG
镇	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
珠	I-ORG	I-ORG
宝	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
去	O	O
年	O	O
摘	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
牌	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

分	O	O
析	O	O
家	O	O
还	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
际	O	O
援	O	O
塔	S-LOC	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
塔	S-LOC	B-ORG
政	O	I-ORG
局	O	E-ORG
陷	O	O
入	O	O
混	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
先	O	O
允	O	O
诺	O	O
的	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
经	O	O
援	O	O
将	O	O
泡	O	O
汤	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
塔	S-LOC	O
内	O	O
战	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
层	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
僵	O	O
局	O	O
并	O	O
未	O	O
出	O	O
乎	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
意	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
总	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
塔	S-LOC	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
何	O	O
以	O	O
举	O	O
步	O	O
维	O	O
艰	O	O
，	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
丛	O	O
生	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

关	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
盖	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
吐	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

截	O	O
止	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
摩	B-ORG	B-ORG
托	I-ORG	I-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
即	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
盖	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
吐	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
欣	O	O
喜	O	O
地	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
对	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

波	B-ORG	B-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
菲	I-ORG	I-ORG
奇	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
着	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
《	O	O
今	B-ORG	O
日	I-ORG	O
报	E-ORG	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
余	B-ORG	O
钱	I-ORG	O
报	E-ORG	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	B-ORG
民	B-ORG	I-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	I-ORG
》	O	I-ORG
3	O	I-ORG
家	O	I-ORG
日	O	I-ORG
报	O	E-ORG
和	O	O
出	B-ORG	O
版	I-ORG	O
社	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
广	B-ORG	O
告	I-ORG	O
代	I-ORG	O
理	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
体	B-ORG	O
育	I-ORG	O
活	I-ORG	O
动	I-ORG	O
赞	I-ORG	O
助	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
额	O	O
近	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	O
方	O	O
颇	O	O
具	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

梅	B-PER	B-PER
内	I-PER	I-PER
姆	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
抵	O	O
达	O	O
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
4	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
事	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
约	B-ORG	B-ORG
旦	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
表	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
耶	B-LOC	B-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
撒	I-LOC	I-LOC
冷	E-LOC	E-LOC
扩	O	O
建	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
扼	O	O
杀	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
平	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
宋	B-ORG	B-PER
双	I-ORG	I-PER
党	E-ORG	E-PER
（	O	O
原	O	O
佛	B-ORG	B-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
自	I-ORG	I-ORG
由	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
）	O	O
、	O	O
翁	B-PER	O
霍	E-PER	O
的	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
义	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
也	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
选	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

谢	B-PER	B-PER
辛	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
集	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
人	B-ORG	O
民	I-ORG	O
党	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
选	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
纳	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
兹	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
谢	I-PER	I-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
致	O	O
信	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
瓦	B-PER	B-PER
杰	I-PER	I-PER
帕	I-PER	I-PER
伊	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
下	O	O
月	O	O
在	O	O
斯	B-LOC	B-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
卡	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
坡	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
就	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
间	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
及	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
紧	O	O
张	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
克	B-LOC	B-LOC
什	I-LOC	I-LOC
米	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
缓	O	O
和	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
所	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
养	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
读	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
对	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
法	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
决	O	O
定	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
以	S-LOC	S-LOC
谈	O	O
判	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
，	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
内	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
胡	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
史	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
“	O	O
非	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
公	O	O
决	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
将	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
征	O	O
求	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
公	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O

内	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
胡	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
向	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
就	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
岸	E-LOC	E-LOC
撤	O	O
军	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
“	O	O
非	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
性	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
公	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
司	B-ORG	O
法	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
内	B-ORG	O
政	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
络	E-ORG	I-ORG
3	O	I-ORG
部	O	E-ORG
部	O	O
长	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
决	I-ORG	I-ORG
内	I-ORG	I-ORG
阁	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

这	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
反	O	O
对	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
立	O	O
以	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
耶	I-LOC	I-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
撒	I-LOC	I-LOC
冷	E-LOC	E-LOC
为	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

阿	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
法	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
于	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
议	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
推	O	O
迟	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
天	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
案	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
表	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
改	O	O
组	O	O
事	O	O
宜	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
坦	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
权	I-ORG	I-ORG
力	I-ORG	I-ORG
机	I-ORG	I-ORG
构	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
法	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
致	O	O
函	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
坦	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
（	O	O
议	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
）	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
布	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
阿	I-PER	I-PER
拉	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
已	O	O
于	O	O
当	O	O
日	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
两	O	O
周	O	O
内	O	O
提	O	O
交	O	O
新	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
员	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O

南	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
星	B-ORG	B-ORG
期	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
讯	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	E-ORG
》	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
“	O	O
纯	O	O
属	O	O
子	O	O
虚	O	O
乌	O	O
有	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
管	O	O
是	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
均	O	O
未	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
用	O	O
讲	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
换	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
选	O	O
民	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
哥	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
扫	O	O
毒	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
。	O	O

鲁	B-PER	B-PER
宾	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
希	O	O
望	O	O
在	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
与	O	O
哥	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
细	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
盛	I-LOC	I-LOC
顿	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	O
郊	O	O
的	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
德	I-ORG	I-ORG
维	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
所	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
间	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
特	O	O
使	O	O
访	O	O
南	S-LOC	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
平	O	O
息	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
局	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

上	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
又	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
“	O	O
同	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
实	O	O
现	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
旅	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
侨	O	O
的	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
娘	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
婆	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
睦	O	O
相	O	O
处	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
走	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
给	O	O
嫁	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
昌	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
将	O	O
级	O	O
军	O	O
官	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
板	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	I-LOC	I-LOC
店	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
了	O	O
为	O	O
缓	O	O
和	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	I-LOC	I-LOC
半	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
紧	O	O
张	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

萨	B-PER	B-PER
比	I-PER	I-PER
赫	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
径	O	O
将	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
断	O	O
送	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
置	O	O
于	O	O
火	O	O
山	O	O
口	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
常	O	O
驻	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
伯	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
（	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
）	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
萨	B-PER	B-PER
比	I-PER	I-PER
赫	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
采	O	O
取	O	O
果	O	O
断	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
又	O	O
使	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
口	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
蒙	O	O
受	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
缓	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
美	S-LOC	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
出	O	O
于	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
哈	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
米	E-PER	E-PER
就	O	O
任	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
与	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
改	O	O
善	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

显	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
“	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
台	O	O
较	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
报	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
轮	O	O
流	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

艾	B-PER	B-PER
伦	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
正	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
着	O	O
割	O	O
草	O	O
机	O	O
在	O	O
田	O	O
野	O	O
里	O	O
打	O	O
着	O	O
圈	O	O
收	O	O
割	O	O
草	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
搞	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
靠	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
坐	O	O
好	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
浏	O	O
览	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
、	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
、	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
外	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
惊	O	O
讶	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
数	O	O
只	O	O
红	O	O
冠	O	O
的	O	O
白	O	O
色	O	O
蛋	O	O
鸡	O	O
分	O	O
几	O	O
排	O	O
整	O	O
齐	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
地	O	O
排	O	O
列	O	O
在	O	O
宽	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
、	O	O
长	O	O
约	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
鸡	O	O
房	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
芳	O	O
草	O	O
萋	O	O
萋	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
舍	O	O
俨	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
坦	O	O
的	O	O
柏	O	O
油	O	O
路	O	O
在	O	O
无	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
间	O	O
向	O	O
远	O	O
方	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
。	O	O

“	B-ORG	B-ORG
革	I-ORG	I-ORG
命	I-ORG	I-ORG
武	I-ORG	I-ORG
装	I-ORG	I-ORG
力	I-ORG	I-ORG
量	I-ORG	I-ORG
”	I-ORG	I-ORG
游	I-ORG	I-ORG
击	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
最	O	O
近	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
塞	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
帕	E-PER	E-PER
作	O	O
为	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
于	O	O
与	O	O
帕	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
纳	E-PER	E-PER
打	O	O
交	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
队	O	O
将	O	O
东	O	O
南	O	O
部	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
非	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
化	O	O
才	O	O
坐	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
要	O	O
让	O	O
准	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
哥	S-LOC	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
须	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
轮	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
。	O	O

哥	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
轮	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
是	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
帕	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
纳	E-PER	E-PER
终	O	O
于	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
入	O	O
主	O	O
纳	B-LOC	O
里	I-LOC	B-PER
尼	I-LOC	I-PER
奥	I-LOC	I-PER
宫	E-LOC	E-PER
（	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
府	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
使	I-ORG	I-ORG
馆	E-ORG	E-ORG
附	O	O
近	O	O
的	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
是	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
来	O	O
在	O	O
贝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
起	O	O
此	O	O
类	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
哥	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
全	O	O
国	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
大	O	O
选	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
轮	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
保	B-ORG	B-ORG
守	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
烈	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
帕	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
纳	E-PER	E-PER
当	O	O
选	O	O
下	O	O
届	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
（	O	O
上	O	O
图	O	O
为	O	O
帕	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
纳	E-PER	E-PER
获	O	O
胜	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
圣	B-LOC	B-LOC
菲	I-LOC	I-LOC
波	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	I-LOC	E-LOC
大	E-LOC	O
向	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
者	O	O
示	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
据	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
广	O	O
播	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
名	O	O
“	O	O
圣	B-ORG	B-ORG
战	I-ORG	I-ORG
者	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
遭	O	O
巴	S-LOC	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
梦	I-PER	I-PER
魁	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
据	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
坦	I-ORG	I-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
讯	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
昨	O	O
天	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
坦	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
权	I-ORG	I-ORG
力	I-ORG	I-ORG
机	I-ORG	I-ORG
构	E-ORG	E-ORG
最	O	O
近	O	O
照	O	O
会	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
解	B-ORG	O
放	I-ORG	O
巴	I-ORG	B-LOC
勒	I-ORG	I-LOC
斯	I-ORG	I-LOC
坦	I-ORG	E-LOC
运	I-ORG	O
动	E-ORG	O
（	O	O
法	B-ORG	O
塔	I-ORG	O
赫	E-ORG	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
解	B-ORG	O
放	I-ORG	O
巴	I-ORG	B-LOC
勒	I-ORG	I-LOC
斯	I-ORG	I-LOC
坦	I-ORG	E-LOC
人	I-ORG	O
民	I-ORG	O
阵	I-ORG	O
线	E-ORG	O
（	O	O
人	B-ORG	O
阵	E-ORG	O
）	O	O
和	O	O
解	B-ORG	B-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
巴	I-ORG	I-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
坦	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
阵	I-ORG	I-ORG
线	E-ORG	E-ORG
（	O	O
民	B-ORG	O
阵	E-ORG	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
璇	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
贝	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
科	B-LOC	O
托	I-LOC	O
努	E-LOC	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
记	O	O
者	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
正	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
着	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
愿	O	O
与	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
足	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
真	O	O
诚	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
、	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
互	O	O
惠	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
密	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

约	B-LOC	O
旦	E-LOC	O
副	O	O
首	O	O
相	O	O
兼	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
纳	I-PER	I-PER
尼	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
和	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
”	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
同	O	O
日	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
耶	B-LOC	B-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
撒	I-LOC	I-LOC
冷	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

以	B-ORG	B-ORG
内	I-ORG	I-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
扩	O	O
建	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
将	O	O
耶	B-LOC	B-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
撒	I-LOC	I-LOC
冷	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
西	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
并	O	O
入	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
耶	B-LOC	B-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
撒	I-LOC	I-LOC
冷	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
岸	E-LOC	E-LOC
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
工	O	O
献	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
，	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
每	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
1	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
名	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
工	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O

耶	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
兹	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
对	O	O
罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
为	O	O
期	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
前	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
是	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
将	O	O
塞	B-LOC	B-LOC
浦	I-LOC	I-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
变	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
希	B-LOC	B-LOC
腊	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
岛	O	O
屿	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
。	O	O

塞	B-LOC	B-LOC
浦	I-LOC	I-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	I-LOC
希	O	E-LOC
、	O	O
土	O	O
两	O	O
族	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
断	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O

联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
敦	O	O
促	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
克	O	O
制	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
塞	B-LOC	O
岛	E-LOC	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
塞	B-LOC	B-LOC
浦	I-LOC	I-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
6	O	O
号	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
塞	B-LOC	B-LOC
浦	I-LOC	I-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	I-LOC
希	B-LOC	I-LOC
腊	E-LOC	E-LOC
族	O	O
和	O	O
土	B-LOC	B-LOC
耳	I-LOC	I-LOC
其	E-LOC	E-LOC
族	O	O
削	O	O
减	O	O
防	O	O
务	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
在	O	O
塞	B-LOC	B-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
坦	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
瓦	B-PER	B-PER
杰	I-PER	I-PER
帕	I-PER	I-PER
伊	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
在	O	O
斯	B-LOC	B-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
卡	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
坡	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
域	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
作	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
（	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
）	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
传	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
讯	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
希	B-LOC	B-LOC
腊	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
5	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
向	O	O
白	B-ORG	B-ORG
俄	I-ORG	I-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
递	O	O
交	O	O
照	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
白	B-LOC	B-LOC
俄	I-LOC	I-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
迁	O	O
出	O	O
“	B-LOC	B-LOC
鸫	I-LOC	I-LOC
鸟	I-LOC	I-LOC
”	I-LOC	I-LOC
外	I-LOC	I-LOC
交	I-LOC	I-LOC
官	I-LOC	I-LOC
邸	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
中	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
草	O	O
案	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
段	O	O
落	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
违	O	O
背	O	O
“	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
换	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
谅	O	O
解	O	O
备	O	O
忘	O	O
录	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
将	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
伊	S-LOC	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
永	O	O
久	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
人	O	O
生	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
转	O	O
折	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
笑	O	O
着	O	O
摇	O	O
头	O	O
、	O	O
摆	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
都	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
当	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
后	O	O
对	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
很	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
与	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
人	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
任	O	O
州	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
搬	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
州	O	O
府	O	O
小	B-LOC	B-LOC
石	I-LOC	I-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
在	O	O
州	O	O
长	O	O
官	O	O
邸	O	O
一	O	O
住	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
当	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
肯	I-LOC	I-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
州	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
州	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

谈	O	O
到	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
科	O	S-LOC
技	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
在	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
和	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
知	O	O
之	O	O
甚	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
和	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
比	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
都	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
同	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
的	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

还	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
哲	B-PER	O
夫	E-PER	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
雅	O	O
俗	O	O
共	O	O
赏	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
使	O	O
得	O	O
他	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
内	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
性	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
童	O	O
心	O	O
未	O	O
泯	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
本	O	O
能	O	O
地	O	O
亲	O	O
近	O	O
着	O	O
大	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
这	O	O
从	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
一	O	O
组	O	O
题	O	O
为	O	O
《	O	O
无	O	O
力	O	O
拥	O	O
抱	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
散	O	O
文	O	O
中	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
一	O	O
斑	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
弹	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
与	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
起	O	O
蘑	O	O
菇	O	O
云	O	O
升	O	O
空	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
那	O	O
钢	O	O
铁	O	O
熔	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
瓦	O	O
砾	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
灵	O	O
涂	O	O
炭	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
怖	O	O
可	O	O
咒	O	O
的	O	O
景	O	O
象	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
万	B-LOC	O
宝	I-LOC	O
山	E-LOC	O
惨	O	O
案	O	O
、	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
、	O	O
“	B-ORG	O
七	I-ORG	O
三	I-ORG	O
一	I-ORG	O
”	I-ORG	O
细	I-ORG	O
菌	I-ORG	O
部	I-ORG	O
队	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
珍	B-LOC	B-LOC
珠	I-LOC	I-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
空	O	O
袭	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
幅	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
发	O	O
指	O	O
的	O	O
炼	O	O
狱	O	O
图	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
战	O	O
后	O	O
派	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲜	E-LOC	E-LOC
战	O	O
争	O	O
爆	O	O
发	O	O
时	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
衰	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
便	O	O
星	O	O
散	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

佐	B-PER	O
多	I-PER	O
稻	I-PER	O
子	E-PER	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
《	O	O
树	O	O
影	O	O
》	O	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
2	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
野	O	O
间	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
奖	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
者	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
冷	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
再	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
暴	O	O
露	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
酿	O	O
成	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
悲	O	O
剧	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
局	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
以	O	O
至	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
片	O	O
言	O	O
只	O	O
语	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
者	O	O
谈	O	O
乡	O	O
土	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
谈	O	O
“	O	O
土	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

试	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
梦	O	O
里	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
斯	O	O
，	O	O
游	O	O
于	O	O
斯	O	O
，	O	O
嬉	O	O
于	O	O
斯	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
榜	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
雄	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
就	O	O
算	O	O
了	O	O
吧	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
怨	O	O
天	O	O
尤	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
怪	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
不	O	O
精	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
时	O	O
写	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
气	O	O
馁	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
从	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
迫	O	O
使	O	O
你	O	O
涉	O	O
猎	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
，	O	O
摄	O	O
取	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
饥	O	O
似	O	O
渴	O	O
地	O	O
探	O	O
求	O	O
事	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
谛	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O

搞	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
强	O	O
迫	O	O
你	O	O
做	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
非	O	O
你	O	O
是	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
写	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
吃	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
讨	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
你	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
都	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
。	O	O

几	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
史	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
得	O	O
当	O	O
金	B-PER	O
冲	I-PER	O
及	E-PER	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
田	B-PER	B-PER
余	I-PER	I-PER
庆	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
所	O	O
著	O	O
《	O	O
东	O	O
晋	O	O
门	O	O
阀	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
写	O	O
得	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
、	O	O
读	O	O
来	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
入	O	O
胜	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
一	I-PER	I-PER
良	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
曾	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
田	S-PER	S-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
寅	I-PER	I-PER
恪	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

周	B-PER	B-PER
一	I-PER	I-PER
良	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
寅	I-PER	I-PER
恪	E-PER	E-PER
学	O	O
术	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
评	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
好	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

它	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
融	O	O
合	O	O
、	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
观	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
人	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
后	O	O
从	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
强	O	O
加	O	O
给	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
僵	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
；	O	O
它	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
无	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
中	O	O
抽	O	O
象	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
寅	I-PER	I-PER
恪	E-PER	E-PER
具	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
：	O	O
非	O	O
凡	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
敏	O	O
锐	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
力	O	O
与	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
力	O	O
；	O	O
古	O	O
今	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
外	O	O
，	O	O
博	O	O
极	O	O
群	O	O
书	O	O
；	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
清	O	O
代	O	O
朴	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
古	O	O
典	O	O
诗	O	O
文	O	O
的	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
；	O	O
勤	O	O
奋	O	O
刻	O	O
苦	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
早	O	O
年	O	O
曾	O	O
师	O	O
从	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
寅	I-PER	I-PER
恪	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
在	O	O
历	B-ORG	O
史	I-ORG	O
语	I-ORG	O
言	I-ORG	O
研	I-ORG	O
究	I-ORG	O
所	E-ORG	O
由	O	O
陈	S-PER	S-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
任	O	O
组	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
组	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
陈	S-PER	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
哈	B-ORG	O
佛	E-ORG	O
留	O	O
学	O	O
归	O	O
来	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
同	O	O
陈	S-PER	S-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
清	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
起	O	O
共	O	O
过	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
译	O	O
读	O	O
过	O	O
日	O	O
文	O	O
杂	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
不	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
流	O	O
派	O	O
毕	O	O
竟	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
流	O	O
派	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
流	O	O
派	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
很	O	O
松	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
也	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
的	O	O
流	O	O
派	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
写	O	O
各	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
流	O	O
派	O	O
划	O	O
分	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
流	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O

研	O	O
究	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
流	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
与	O	O
否	O	O
、	O	O
得	O	O
失	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
、	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
自	O	O
审	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
恰	O	O
恰	O	O
较	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
旬	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
5	O	O
次	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
内	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
把	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
用	O	O
来	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
强	O	O
调	O	O
事	O	O
不	O	O
宜	O	O
迟	O	O
，	O	O
内	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
胡	E-PER	E-PER
应	O	O
当	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
盛	I-LOC	I-LOC
顿	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
与	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
就	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
岸	E-LOC	E-LOC
撤	O	O
军	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
；	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
暴	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
卷	O	O
土	O	O
重	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
内	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
胡	E-PER	E-PER
政	O	O
府	O	O
拒	O	O
不	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
以	S-LOC	S-LOC
谈	O	O
判	O	O
已	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
死	O	O
胡	O	O
同	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
法	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
飞	O	O
抵	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
与	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
穆	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
就	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
以	S-LOC	S-LOC
谈	O	O
判	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
去	O	O
干	O	O
粗	O	O
活	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
说	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
利	O	O
用	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
之	I-ORG	O
音	E-ORG	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
对	O	O
伊	S-LOC	S-LOC
政	O	O
策	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
向	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
双	O	O
边	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
信	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O

索	B-LOC	B-PER
韦	I-LOC	I-PER
托	E-LOC	E-PER
学	O	O
生	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
是	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	E-LOC	E-LOC
反	O	O
对	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
隔	O	O
离	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
里	O	O
程	O	O
碑	O	O
，	O	O
点	O	O
燃	O	O
了	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
隔	O	O
离	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
熊	O	O
熊	O	O
烈	O	O
火	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
4	O	O
3	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
乒	O	O
赛	O	O
大	O	O
幕	O	O
刚	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
又	O	O
坐	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
操	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
桌	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
、	O	O
双	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	I-LOC	I-LOC
寺	E-LOC	E-LOC
彩	O	O
塑	O	O
观	B-PER	O
音	E-PER	O
被	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
东	O	B-LOC
方	O	I-LOC
维	B-PER	I-LOC
纳	I-PER	I-LOC
斯	E-PER	E-LOC
”	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
兆	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
家	O	O
中	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
四	O	O
位	O	O
亲	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
却	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
向	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
提	O	O
起	O	O
过	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
及	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	I-ORG
特	O	I-ORG
通	O	I-ORG
报	O	E-ORG
批	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
连	I-ORG	I-ORG
万	I-ORG	I-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
俱	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
对	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
员	O	O
判	O	O
罚	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
领	O	O
奖	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
是	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

女	O	O
子	O	O
组	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
轮	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
伍	B-PER	B-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
琳	I-PER	I-PER
娜	E-PER	E-PER
分	O	O
别	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
奥	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
寿	I-PER	I-PER
章	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
短	O	O
式	O	O
网	O	O
球	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
网	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

最	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
从	O	O
三	O	O
至	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
挑	O	O
选	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
人	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
短	O	O
网	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
员	O	O
是	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
教	O	O
研	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
刘	S-PER	S-PER
老	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
受	O	O
过	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
网	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
小	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
短	O	O
式	O	O
网	O	O
球	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

首	O	O
轮	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
“	B-ORG	O
青	I-ORG	B-ORG
”	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
5	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
大	O	O
胜	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
邵	B-PER	O
炜	I-PER	O
刚	E-PER	O
胜	O	O
聂	B-PER	O
卫	I-PER	O
平	E-PER	O
，	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
鹤	I-PER	I-PER
洋	E-PER	E-PER
胜	O	O
曹	B-PER	O
大	I-PER	O
元	E-PER	O
，	O	O
常	B-PER	O
昊	E-PER	O
胜	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
磊	E-PER	I-PER
胜	O	E-PER
俞	B-PER	O
斌	E-PER	O
，	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
伟	E-PER	I-PER
胜	O	E-PER
吴	B-PER	B-PER
肇	I-PER	I-PER
毅	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
洗	I-PER	I-PER
河	E-PER	E-PER
负	O	O
于	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
春	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
菁	E-PER	E-PER
不	O	O
敌	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
光	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

被	O	O
命	O	O
名	O	O
为	O	O
“	B-ORG	O
蓝	I-ORG	O
”	I-ORG	O
队	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
将	O	O
队	O	O
由	O	O
清	O	O
一	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
九	O	O
段	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
春	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
聂	B-PER	B-PER
卫	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
曹	B-PER	B-PER
大	I-PER	I-PER
元	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
光	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
俞	B-PER	B-PER
斌	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
肇	I-PER	I-PER
毅	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
围	I-ORG	I-ORG
棋	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
此	O	O
次	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
春	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
常	B-PER	B-PER
昊	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
鹤	I-PER	I-PER
洋	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
俞	B-PER	B-PER
斌	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
伟	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
邵	B-PER	B-PER
炜	I-PER	I-PER
刚	E-PER	E-PER
六	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
老	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
断	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
加	O	O
油	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
场	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
惋	O	O
惜	O	O
的	O	O
叹	O	O
息	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
外	O	O
电	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
青	B-LOC	I-ORG
瓦	I-LOC	I-ORG
台	I-LOC	E-ORG
总	I-LOC	O
统	I-LOC	O
府	E-LOC	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
周	O	O
的	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
向	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
金	B-PER	B-PER
大	I-PER	I-PER
中	E-PER	E-PER
提	O	O
出	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
新	O	O
场	O	O
馆	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

沙	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
拉	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
招	O	O
标	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
、	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
下	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
乒	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
沙	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
拉	E-PER	E-PER
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
投	O	O
标	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
双	B-ORG	B-ORG
鱼	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
双	I-ORG	I-ORG
喜	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
击	O	O
败	O	O
了	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
些	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
劲	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
后	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
中	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
乒	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
合	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
广	B-ORG	B-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
双	I-ORG	I-ORG
鱼	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
向	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
乒	O	O
赛	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
只	O	O
、	O	O
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
台	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
张	O	O
、	O	O
手	O	O
动	O	O
计	O	O
分	O	O
器	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
、	O	O
计	O	O
分	O	O
台	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
张	O	O
、	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
桌	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
张	O	O
、	O	O
围	O	O
栏	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
供	O	O
赛	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
由	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
园	I-ORG	I-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
及	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
步	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
三	O	O
代	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
口	O	O
之	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
组	O	O
、	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
组	O	O
等	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
组	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
赛	O	O
程	O	O
均	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
行	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
和	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
易	O	O
于	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
者	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
、	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
四	O	O
季	O	O
皆	O	O
宜	O	O
的	O	O
户	O	O
外	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
孙	B-PER	B-PER
康	I-PER	I-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
健	O	O
步	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
是	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
今	O	O
年	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
简	O	O
便	O	O
易	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
不	O	O
受	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
、	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
器	O	O
材	O	O
等	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
从	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
获	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
名	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
被	O	O
查	O	O
出	O	O
服	O	O
用	O	O
违	O	O
禁	O	O
药	O	O
物	O	O
或	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
者	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
从	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
获	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
查	O	O
出	O	O
服	O	O
用	O	O
违	O	O
禁	O	O
药	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
所	O	O
属	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
协	O	O
会	O	O
按	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
和	O	O
停	O	O
赛	O	O
等	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
。	O	O

加	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
四	O	O
局	O	O
快	O	O
棋	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
盘	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
议	O	O
和	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
四	O	O
月	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
中	I-PER	I-PER
文	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
届	O	O
『	O	O
银	B-ORG	B-ORG
荔	E-ORG	E-ORG
杯	O	O
』	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
赛	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
轮	O	O
较	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
七	O	O
盘	O	O
棋	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
四	O	O
盘	O	O
是	O	O
慢	O	O
棋	O	O
决	O	O
出	O	O
胜	O	O
负	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
三	O	O
盘	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
靠	O	O
加	O	O
赛	O	O
快	O	O
棋	O	O
方	O	O
定	O	O
出	O	O
输	O	O
赢	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
剧	O	O
增	O	O
，	O	O
桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
棋	O	O
手	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	O
赛	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
均	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
一	O	O
局	O	O
制	O	O
单	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-ORG	B-ORG
苏	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
排	E-ORG	E-ORG
尽	O	O
管	O	O
本	O	O
轮	O	O
客	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
三	O	O
比	O	O
○	O	O
轻	O	O
取	O	O
湖	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
排	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
积	O	O
分	O	O
与	O	O
四	B-ORG	B-ORG
川	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
排	E-ORG	E-ORG
相	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
小	O	O
分	O	O
略	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
四	B-ORG	B-ORG
川	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
屈	O	O
居	O	O
亚	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

历	O	O
经	O	O
磨	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
四	B-ORG	B-ORG
川	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
排	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
两	O	O
战	O	O
两	O	O
胜	O	O
浙	B-ORG	B-ORG
江	I-ORG	I-ORG
男	I-ORG	I-ORG
排	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
蝉	O	O
联	O	O
了	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
列	O	O
男	B-ORG	O
排	E-ORG	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
至	O	O
六	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-LOC
苏	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
浙	B-ORG	B-LOC
江	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-LOC
南	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-LOC
宁	E-ORG	E-LOC
和	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
长	I-PER	I-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
八	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
联	O	O
赛	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
轮	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
角	O	O
逐	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
四	O	O
月	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
赛	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
陕	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
力	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
员	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
振	I-PER	I-PER
杰	E-PER	E-PER
两	O	O
次	O	O
擅	O	O
自	O	O
进	O	O
场	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
许	B-PER	B-PER
立	I-PER	I-PER
群	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
奋	O	O
战	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
和	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
位	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
受	O	O
到	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
台	O	O
球	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
迄	O	O
今	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
者	O	O
邀	O	O
请	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
大	O	O
名	O	O
鼎	O	O
鼎	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
：	O	O
亨	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
戴	B-PER	B-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
瓦	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
纳	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
楠	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
以	O	O
三	O	O
比	O	O
一	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
选	O	O
手	O	O
齐	B-PER	B-PER
宝	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
后	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
赛	O	O
前	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
猜	O	O
测	O	O
：	O	O
是	O	O
琼	B-PER	B-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
更	O	O
胜	O	O
一	O	O
筹	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

需	O	O
要	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
召	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
田	O	O
径	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
列	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
当	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
冷	O	O
静	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
田	O	O
坛	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
冷	O	O
冷	O	O
清	O	O
清	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
免	O	O
要	O	O
问	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
：	O	O
火	O	O
爆	O	O
的	O	O
琼	B-PER	B-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
究	O	O
竟	O	O
能	O	O
给	O	O
冷	O	O
清	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
田	O	O
坛	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
些	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
？	O	O

琼	B-PER	B-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
为	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
睹	O	O
女	O	O
飞	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
采	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
使	O	O
首	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
飞	O	O
人	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
赛	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
名	O	O
副	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
围	O	O
棋	O	O
四	O	O
强	O	O
争	O	O
霸	O	O
赛	O	O
在	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
掀	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
围	O	O
棋	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
均	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
棋	O	O
迷	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
听	O	O
挂	O	O
盘	O	O
讲	O	O
棋	O	O
，	O	O
华	B-PER	S-LOC
以	I-PER	O
刚	E-PER	O
八	O	O
段	O	O
和	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
璇	E-PER	E-PER
八	O	O
段	O	O
妙	O	O
趣	O	O
横	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
时	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
元	I-PER	I-PER
伟	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
凡	O	O
不	O	O
服	O	O
从	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
调	O	O
遣	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
一	O	O
至	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
；	O	O
被	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
除	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
一	O	O
至	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
。	O	O

早	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
逊	B-ORG	B-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
就	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
时	O	O
机	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
繁	O	O
华	O	O
地	O	O
段	O	O
买	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
处	O	O
临	O	O
街	O	O
房	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
化	O	O
酒	O	O
店	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

买	O	O
地	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
购	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
拖	O	O
拉	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
买	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
机	O	O
等	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

说	O	O
来	O	O
你	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
挤	O	O
在	O	O
旧	O	O
平	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
屋	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
们	O	O
严	O	O
于	O	O
律	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
逊	B-ORG	B-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
从	O	O
未	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
过	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
为	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
闹	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	B-ORG
司	O	E-ORG
连	O	O
续	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
县	O	O
里	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
还	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
严	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
和	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
纪	O	O
律	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

无	O	O
奈	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
不	O	O
通	O	O
火	O	O
车	O	O
，	O	O
油	O	O
料	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
里	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
罐	O	O
车	O	O
一	O	O
车	O	O
一	O	O
车	O	O
地	O	O
去	O	O
拉	O	O
。	O	O

职	O	O
工	O	O
怨	O	O
声	O	O
载	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
想	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
往	O	O
外	O	O
调	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
全	O	O
身	O	O
心	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
易	O	O
见	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
；	O	O
反	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
雕	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
、	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
根	O	O
形	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
更	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
是	O	O
泥	O	O
人	O	O
张	S-PER	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
团	O	O
泥	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
凭	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O

孩	O	O
子	O	O
是	O	O
泥	O	O
人	O	O
张	S-PER	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
那	O	O
团	O	O
泥	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
想	O	O
捏	O	O
个	O	O
啥	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
啥	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
非	O	O
让	O	O
她	O	O
学	O	O
琴	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
。	O	O

五	O	O
大	O	O
哨	O	O
口	O	O
酷	O	O
似	O	O
五	O	O
尊	O	O
守	O	O
护	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
守	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
神	O	O
圣	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
摇	O	O
篮	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
蹲	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
抓	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
散	O	O
发	O	O
着	O	O
清	O	O
香	O	O
的	O	O
红	O	O
泥	O	O
土	O	O
，	O	O
凑	O	O
在	O	O
鼻	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
轻	O	O
轻	O	O
嗅	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
手	O	O
上	O	O
搓	O	O
揉	O	O
着	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
生	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
思	O	O
绪	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
革	O	O
命	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
注	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
井	B-LOC	B-LOC
冈	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
做	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
地	O	O
？	O	O

呈	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
眼	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
连	O	O
绵	O	O
起	O	O
伏	O	O
的	O	O
崇	O	O
山	O	O
峻	O	O
岭	O	O
，	O	O
九	O	O
曲	O	O
八	O	O
拐	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
道	O	O
弯	O	O
弯	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
年	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
里	B-PER	B-PER
奥	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
刚	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
的	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
利	B-PER	O
普	I-PER	O
顿	E-PER	O
网	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
网	O	O
坛	O	O
排	O	O
名	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	E-LOC	E-LOC
球	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
健	O	O
美	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
受	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
州	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拿	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
共	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
会	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
会	O	O
比	O	O
预	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
差	O	O
些	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
攻	O	O
击	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
选	O	O
手	O	O
服	O	O
用	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
并	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
严	O	O
惩	O	O
而	O	O
闻	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
而	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
这	O	O
次	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
弟	O	O
子	O	O
仅	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
处	O	O
罚	O	O
却	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
游	I-ORG	I-ORG
泳	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
官	O	O
员	O	O
韦	B-PER	B-PER
纳	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
泳	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
还	O	O
会	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
听	O	O
证	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

丙	O	O
璜	O	O
舒	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
剂	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
掩	O	O
饰	O	O
剂	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
被	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
奥	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
禁	O	O
药	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
为	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
球	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
空	O	O
前	O	O
高	O	O
涨	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
自	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
6	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
至	O	O
夜	O	O
间	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
球	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
砰	O	O
、	O	O
砰	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
声	O	O
不	O	O
绝	O	O
于	O	O
耳	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
季	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
使	O	O
中	B-ORG	O
兴	I-ORG	O
通	I-ORG	O
讯	E-ORG	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
生	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
奋	O	O
发	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O

过	O	O
去	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
默	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
曾	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
昆	B-LOC	B-LOC
明	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
甲	O	O
a	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
年	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
少	I-ORG	I-ORG
年	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
训	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
员	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
五	O	O
战	O	O
三	O	O
胜	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
0	O	O
∶	O	O
3	O	O
草	O	O
草	O	O
败	O	O
阵	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
输	O	O
了	O	O
二	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
场	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
够	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
何	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
主	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
既	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
等	O	O
米	O	O
下	O	O
锅	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
求	O	O
得	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
长	O	O
久	O	O
之	O	O
计	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
将	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-ORG
苏	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
四	B-ORG	B-ORG
川	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
归	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-LOC
东	E-ORG	E-LOC
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-LOC
京	E-ORG	E-LOC
和	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
则	O	O
可	O	O
算	O	O
是	O	O
与	O	O
之	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
类	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
赛	O	O
季	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
队	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
与	O	O
上	O	O
个	O	O
赛	O	O
季	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
都	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
画	O	O
出	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
走	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
借	O	O
此	O	O
探	O	O
问	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
奥	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
会	O	O
女	O	O
排	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
前	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
古	B-ORG	B-ORG
巴	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
将	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
于	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
士	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	O	O
部	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
蒙	B-LOC	B-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
勒	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
八	O	O
国	O	O
女	O	O
排	O	O
精	O	O
英	O	O
赛	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
查	O	O
清	O	O
传	O	O
闻	O	O
裁	O	O
判	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O

德	S-LOC	B-LOC
一	O	I-LOC
博	B-LOC	I-LOC
览	I-LOC	I-LOC
中	I-LOC	I-LOC
心	E-LOC	E-LOC
设	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
代	O	O
理	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
德	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
经	O	O
贸	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
莱	B-LOC	I-ORG
比	I-LOC	I-ORG
锡	E-LOC	I-ORG
国	B-LOC	I-ORG
际	I-LOC	I-ORG
博	I-LOC	I-ORG
览	I-LOC	I-ORG
中	I-LOC	I-ORG
心	E-LOC	E-ORG
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
代	O	O
理	O	O
四	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
正	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

塔	B-LOC	B-LOC
吉	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
正	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
与	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
民	O	O
兵	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
点	O	O
被	O	O
淹	O	O
或	O	O
被	O	O
毁	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
庄	O	O
稼	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
。	O	O

英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
室	O	O
中	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
脑	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
移	O	O
植	O	O
入	O	O
受	O	O
损	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
毁	O	O
坏	O	O
的	O	O
脑	O	O
神	O	O
经	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
以	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
子	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
企	O	O
业	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
担	O	O
当	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
可	O	O
靠	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

冯	B-PER	B-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
皮	I-PER	I-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
法	O	O
学	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
子	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
裁	O	O
和	O	O
首	O	O
席	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
官	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
商	O	O
用	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
军	O	O
用	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
不	O	O
用	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
护	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

汉	B-PER	B-PER
纳	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
再	O	O
派	O	O
两	O	O
架	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
向	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	E-LOC	E-LOC
运	O	O
送	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
器	O	O
械	O	O
。	O	O

欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
最	O	O
近	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
新	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
又	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
反	O	O
倾	O	O
销	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
欧	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
反	O	O
倾	O	O
销	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
此	O	O
类	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
歧	O	O
视	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
倾	O	O
销	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O

苏	S-LOC	B-LOC
东	S-LOC	E-LOC
剧	O	O
变	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
越	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
蒙	B-LOC	B-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
仍	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
非	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
类	O	O
别	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
长	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
通	O	O
过	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
把	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
从	O	O
其	O	O
反	O	O
倾	O	O
销	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
非	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
”	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
中	O	O
删	O	O
除	O	O
。	O	O

韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
增	O	O
幅	O	O
为	O	O
7	O	O
·	O	O
3	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
为	O	O
6	O	O
·	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
还	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
博	B-LOC	B-LOC
茨	I-LOC	I-LOC
瓦	I-LOC	I-LOC
纳	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
人	O	O
均	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
为	O	O
9	O	O
·	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
最	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
酸	O	O
雨	O	O
会	O	O
使	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
落	O	O
叶	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
钙	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
落	O	O
叶	O	O
会	O	O
被	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
虫	O	O
类	O	O
食	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
虫	O	O
子	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
食	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O

否	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
产	O	O
油	O	O
国	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
会	O	O
把	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
3	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
佩	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
推	O	O
向	O	O
更	O	O
为	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
境	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
是	O	O
受	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
较	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
购	O	O
油	O	O
量	O	O
锐	O	O
减	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
而	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
。	O	O

委	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瑞	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
产	O	O
油	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
恐	O	O
慌	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
尼	B-LOC	B-ORG
日	I-LOC	I-ORG
利	I-LOC	I-ORG
亚	E-LOC	E-ORG
、	O	O
卡	B-LOC	B-PER
塔	I-LOC	I-PER
尔	E-LOC	E-PER
等	O	O
国	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
效	O	O
仿	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
供	O	O
大	O	O
于	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
委	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瑞	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
已	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
将	O	O
日	O	O
产	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
至	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
一	O	O
跃	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
继	O	O
沙	B-LOC	O
特	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
之	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
号	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O

委	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瑞	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
两	O	O
周	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
沙	B-LOC	B-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
阿	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
伯	E-LOC	E-LOC
上	O	O
月	O	O
日	O	O
超	O	O
出	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
配	O	O
额	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
万	O	O
桶	O	O
。	O	O

世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
石	I-ORG	I-ORG
油	I-ORG	I-ORG
输	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
（	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
佩	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	E-ORG	E-ORG
）	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
7	O	O
种	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
原	O	O
油	O	O
一	O	O
揽	O	O
子	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
周	O	O
又	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
前	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
桶	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
每	O	O
桶	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
9	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
罗	S-LOC	O
同	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
及	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
信	O	O
贷	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
各	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
借	O	O
贷	O	O
方	O	O
信	O	O
誉	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
向	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
借	O	O
贷	O	O
者	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
数	O	O
额	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
非	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
额	O	O
不	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
罗	S-LOC	S-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
审	O	O
慎	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
各	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
、	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O

罗	O	S-LOC
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
就	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
注	O	O
册	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
为	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
于	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
埃	O	O
居	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
弱	O	O
小	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
连	O	O
锁	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	B-ORG
家	O	I-ORG
银	O	I-ORG
行	O	E-ORG
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
其	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
罗	S-LOC	O
在	O	O
保	B-LOC	B-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
欧	E-LOC	E-LOC
邻	O	O
国	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
时	O	O
未	O	O
受	O	O
波	O	O
及	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
兴	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
已	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
双	O	O
重	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
为	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
中	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
免	O	O
被	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
吃	O	O
掉	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
对	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
消	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
欧	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
银	O	O
行	O	O
对	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
将	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O

银	O	O
行	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
会	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
延	O	O
揽	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
层	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
或	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

例	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
合	O	O
并	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
生	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
得	O	O
以	O	O
用	O	O
近	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
个	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
取	O	O
款	O	O
机	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
全	O	O
美	S-LOC	O
。	O	O

泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
今	O	O
年	O	O
头	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
·	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
患	O	O
登	O	O
革	O	O
热	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
二	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
碳	O	O
清	O	O
除	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
将	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
提	O	O
前	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
。	O	O

坐	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
席	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
杨	I-ORG	I-ORG
伯	I-ORG	I-ORG
翰	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

贝	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
许	O	O
多	O	O
木	O	O
材	O	O
厂	O	O
都	O	O
以	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
阿	O	O
萨	O	O
伊	O	O
树	O	O
为	O	O
己	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
环	I-ORG	I-ORG
境	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
护	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
下	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
植	O	O
树	O	O
复	O	O
林	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

负	O	O
责	O	O
阿	O	O
萨	O	O
伊	O	O
果	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
员	O	O
奥	O	B-PER
斯	O	I-PER
卡	O	E-PER
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
孙	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
阿	O	O
萨	O	O
伊	O	O
果	O	O
年	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
可	O	O
达	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
在	O	O
贝	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
就	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
阿	O	O
萨	O	O
伊	O	O
果	O	O
汁	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
农	I-ORG	I-ORG
牧	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
所	O	O
属	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B-ORG	B-LOC
马	I-ORG	I-LOC
孙	I-ORG	E-LOC
东	I-ORG	O
部	I-ORG	O
地	I-ORG	O
区	I-ORG	O
研	I-ORG	O
究	I-ORG	O
所	E-ORG	O
坐	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
孙	E-LOC	E-LOC
门	O	O
户	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
贝	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

如	O	O
何	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
孙	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
亚	B-ORG	B-LOC
马	I-ORG	I-LOC
孙	I-ORG	E-LOC
东	I-ORG	O
部	I-ORG	O
地	I-ORG	O
区	I-ORG	O
研	I-ORG	O
究	I-ORG	O
所	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
杭	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
边	O	O
休	O	O
息	O	O
、	O	O
边	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
体	O	O
检	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
毛	O	O
病	O	O
。	O	O

除	O	O
了	O	O
散	O	O
步	O	O
、	O	O
游	O	O
泳	O	O
两	O	O
项	O	O
强	O	O
身	O	O
健	O	O
魄	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
以	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
认	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
兢	O	O
兢	O	O
业	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
痛	O	O
感	O	O
他	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
太	O	O
苦	O	O
、	O	O
太	O	O
累	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
却	O	O
又	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
洋	O	O
溢	O	O
着	O	O
欢	O	O
欣	O	O
和	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O

彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
很	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
很	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
寓	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
于	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
打	O	O
着	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
为	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
向	O	O
他	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
知	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
知	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
差	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
劳	O	O
累	O	O
过	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
曾	O	O
因	O	O
病	O	O
住	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
躺	O	O
在	O	O
病	O	O
床	O	O
上	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
听	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
、	O	O
作	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
条	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
都	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
、	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
敲	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
请	O	O
示	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
：	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
法	O	O
威	O	O
力	O	O
无	O	O
穷	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
是	O	O
所	O	O
向	O	O
披	O	O
靡	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
判	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
经	O	O
得	O	O
起	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
倾	O	O
注	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
，	O	O
熬	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
眠	O	O
之	O	O
夜	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
也	O	O
好	O	O
懂	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
就	O	O
认	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
当	O	O
之	O	O
无	O	O
愧	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
袖	O	O
。	O	O

毛	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
《	O	O
新	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
就	O	O
讲	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
究	O	O
竟	O	O
谁	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
夸	O	O
张	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
。	O	O

高	O	O
墙	O	O
挡	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
酷	O	O
爱	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
著	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
人	O	O
问	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
？	O	O

当	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
侯	B-PER	B-PER
御	I-PER	I-PER
之	E-PER	E-PER
曾	O	O
执	O	O
笔	O	O
向	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
学	I-PER	I-PER
良	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
军	O	O
试	O	O
投	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
封	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
近	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
为	O	O
整	O	O
治	O	O
苏	B-LOC	B-ORG
州	I-LOC	I-ORG
河	E-LOC	I-ORG
工	O	I-ORG
程	O	I-ORG
建	O	I-ORG
立	O	I-ORG
专	O	I-ORG
项	O	I-ORG
基	O	I-ORG
金	O	I-ORG
会	O	E-ORG
，	O	O
杜	B-PER	B-PER
毅	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
杜	B-PER	O
颖	E-PER	O
捐	O	O
献	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
。	O	O

早	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
实	O	O
业	O	O
救	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
沈	B-ORG	B-ORG
阳	I-ORG	I-ORG
肇	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
窑	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
陶	O	O
瓷	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
成	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
怀	O	O
着	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
崇	O	O
敬	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
我	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
忠	O	O
实	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
杜	B-PER	B-PER
重	I-PER	I-PER
远	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
下	O	O
被	O	O
高	O	O
高	O	O
挂	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
生	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
批	O	O
评	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
未	O	O
能	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
果	O	O
断	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
退	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
对	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
症	O	O
结	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
异	O	O
于	O	O
雪	O	O
上	O	O
加	O	O
霜	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
缓	O	O
慢	O	O
复	O	O
苏	O	O
”	O	O
转	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
停	O	O
滞	O	O
不	O	O
前	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
优	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
性	O	O
能	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
模	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
瞳	O	O
孔	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
的	O	O
虹	O	O
膜	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
独	O	O
一	O	O
无	O	O
二	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

五	B-ORG	B-ORG
角	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
楼	E-ORG	E-ORG
女	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
苏	B-PER	B-PER
珊	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
汉	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
间	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
情	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
正	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
此	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
被	O	O
窃	O	O
走	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
与	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
枚	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
相	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
是	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
战	O	O
争	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
军	O	O
方	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
和	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
所	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
黑	O	O
客	O	O
”	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
将	O	O
窃	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
报	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
给	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
报	O	O
感	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
虽	O	O
因	O	O
受	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
而	O	O
放	O	O
慢	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
据	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
展	O	O
望	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
》	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
9	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
仍	O	O
可	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
3	O	O
．	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
况	O	O
且	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
波	O	O
在	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
平	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
《	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
季	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
》	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
5	O	O
国	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
比	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
将	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
6	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
7	O	O
．	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

投	O	O
资	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
将	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

美	O	O
元	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
坚	O	O
挺	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
它	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
马	O	O
克	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
升	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
间	O	O
的	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
今	O	O
年	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
仍	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
走	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
欧	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
持	O	O
乐	O	O
观	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
旅	O	O
芬	S-LOC	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
物	O	O
种	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
新	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O

其	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
尚	O	O
不	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	B-ORG
源	O	I-ORG
部	O	E-ORG
长	O	O
，	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	B-ORG
际	O	I-ORG
石	O	I-ORG
油	O	I-ORG
公	O	I-ORG
司	O	E-ORG
和	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
石	O	B-ORG
油	O	I-ORG
开	O	I-ORG
发	O	I-ORG
银	O	I-ORG
行	O	E-ORG
的	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
及	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
贸	O	O
易	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
届	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
石	O	O
油	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
迪	I-LOC	I-LOC
瓦	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
让	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

加	O	O
上	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
速	O	O
减	O	O
缓	O	O
的	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
·	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
％	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
标	B-ORG	B-ORG
准	I-ORG	I-ORG
普	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
种	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
、	O	O
纽	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
综	O	O
合	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
、	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
股	I-ORG	I-ORG
票	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
指	O	O
数	O	O
和	O	O
罗	B-ORG	O
素	E-ORG	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
也	O	O
均	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
了	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O

理	O	O
智	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
偏	O	O
见	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
澳	E-LOC	E-LOC
堕	O	O
胎	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
辩	O	O
论	O	O
（	O	O
综	O	O
述	O	O
）	O	O

发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
地	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
切	O	O
身	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
新	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
只	O	O
由	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
说	O	O
了	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
就	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
首	O	O
次	O	O
就	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
别	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

金	B-PER	B-PER
大	I-PER	I-PER
中	E-PER	E-PER
明	O	O
确	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
忠	O	O
实	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
与	O	O
i	B-ORG	B-ORG
m	I-ORG	I-ORG
f	E-ORG	E-ORG
签	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
把	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
限	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
·	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
会	O	E-ORG
在	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
该	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
在	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
对	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
和	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
等	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O

首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
都	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

i	B-ORG	O
m	I-ORG	O
f	E-ORG	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
采	O	O
取	O	O
紧	O	O
缩	O	O
性	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
肃	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
陷	O	O
入	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
的	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
金	B-PER	B-PER
大	I-PER	I-PER
中	E-PER	E-PER
按	O	O
照	O	O
i	B-ORG	O
m	I-ORG	O
f	E-ORG	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O

图	O	O
为	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
（	O	O
中	O	O
）	O	O
致	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
词	O	O
。	O	O

距	O	O
该	O	O
女	O	O
尸	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
6	O	O
厘	O	O
米	O	O
之	O	O
隔	O	O
的	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
尸	O	O
体	O	O
仅	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
遗	O	O
骨	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
棺	O	O
木	O	O
也	O	O
已	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
腐	O	O
烂	O	O
。	O	O

女	O	O
尸	O	O
的	O	O
皮	O	O
肤	O	O
、	O	O
头	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
睫	O	O
毛	O	O
和	O	O
指	O	O
甲	O	O
都	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
完	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
具	O	O
埋	O	O
葬	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
仍	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
完	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
尸	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	O	B-LOC
南	O	E-LOC
方	O	O
约	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
安	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
土	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
同	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
场	E-ORG	I-ORG
和	O	I-ORG
安	B-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
同	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	E-ORG	E-ORG
加	O	O
速	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
舆	O	O
论	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
由	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
陆	O	O
南	O	O
端	O	O
锥	O	O
形	O	O
地	O	O
带	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
根	I-LOC	I-LOC
廷	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-ORG
拉	I-LOC	I-ORG
圭	E-LOC	E-ORG
和	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
圭	E-LOC	E-LOC
四	O	O
国	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
南	B-ORG	O
方	I-ORG	O
共	I-ORG	O
同	I-ORG	O
市	I-ORG	O
场	E-ORG	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
同	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
场	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
同	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
根	I-LOC	I-LOC
廷	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
都	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
在	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
间	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
协	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
意	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
定	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
基	O	O
调	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
口	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
为	O	O
食	O	O
用	O	O
油	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
肥	O	O
、	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
及	O	O
藤	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
鱼	O	O
龙	O	O
混	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
良	O	O
莠	O	O
不	O	O
齐	O	O
的	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
与	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
之	O	O
别	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
与	O	O
幼	O	O
稚	O	O
之	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
匈	B-LOC	B-LOC
牙	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
支	O	O
付	O	O
养	O	O
老	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
占	O	O
匈	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
波	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
拨	O	O
款	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
金	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
养	O	O
老	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
大	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
可	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

终	O	O
端	O	O
所	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
斯	B-LOC	B-LOC
德	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
摩	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
区	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
空	O	O
缺	O	O
职	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
招	O	O
聘	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
址	O	O
、	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
和	O	O
传	O	O
真	O	O
号	O	O
码	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
薪	O	O
金	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
应	O	O
聘	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
应	O	O
俱	O	O
全	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
是	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
找	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
合	O	O
适	O	O
的	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
领	O	O
取	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
所	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
很	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
最	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
的	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
过	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
者	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

劳	B-ORG	B-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
9	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
领	O	O
取	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
家	O	O
雇	O	O
主	O	O
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
3	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
补	O	O
偿	O	O
税	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
大	O	O
于	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
支	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
需	O	O
另	O	O
掏	O	O
腰	O	O
包	O	O
。	O	O

数	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
堆	O	O
积	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
是	O	O
枯	O	O
燥	O	O
乏	O	O
味	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
整	O	O
个	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
镜	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
也	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
欲	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
者	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
8	O	O
万	O	O
个	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
和	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
少	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
所	O	O
用	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
于	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
为	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
者	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
声	O	O
部	O	O
”	O	O
汇	O	O
入	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
与	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
奏	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
吃	O	O
透	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
从	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
起	O	O
就	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
与	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
反	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
相	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
了	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
、	O	O
上	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
比	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
更	O	O
可	O	O
怕	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

令	O	O
人	O	O
担	O	O
忧	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	O	O
立	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
颇	O	O
有	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
学	O	O
被	O	O
判	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
属	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
被	O	O
停	O	O
建	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
版	O	O
《	O	O
花	O	O
笺	O	O
记	O	O
》	O	O
将	O	O
钟	B-PER	B-PER
戴	I-PER	I-PER
苍	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
回	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
评	O	O
、	O	O
腹	O	O
评	O	O
及	O	O
尾	O	O
评	O	O
依	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
穿	O	O
插	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
二	O	O
酉	O	O
斋	O	O
花	O	O
笺	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
”	O	O
则	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
文	O	O
中	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
编	O	O
排	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
回	O	O
目	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
原	O	O
文	O	O
与	O	O
评	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
评	O	O
论	O	O
浑	O	O
然	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
与	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
手	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
花	O	O
笺	O	O
记	O	O
会	O	O
校	O	O
会	O	O
评	O	O
本	O	O
》	O	O
首	O	O
发	O	O
式	O	O
在	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
校	O	O
勘	O	O
者	O	O
、	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
籍	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
梁	B-PER	B-PER
培	I-PER	I-PER
炽	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
专	O	O
程	O	O
从	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
赶	O	O
来	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
居	O	O
然	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
各	O	O
星	O	O
球	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
卦	O	O
爻	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
吻	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
八	O	O
卦	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
推	O	O
导	O	O
出	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
系	E-LOC	E-LOC
可	O	O
能	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
颗	O	O
大	O	O
行	O	O
星	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
想	O	O
起	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
龙	B-LOC	B-LOC
泉	I-LOC	I-LOC
驿	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
奇	O	O
人	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
初	O	O
与	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
毅	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
汉	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
赴	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
勤	O	O
工	O	O
俭	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
子	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

区	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
弓	B-PER	O
继	I-PER	O
权	E-PER	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
装	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
龙	B-LOC	B-LOC
泉	I-LOC	I-LOC
驿	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
远	O	O
景	O	O
：	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	B-LOC
龙	B-LOC	I-LOC
泉	I-LOC	I-LOC
驿	E-LOC	E-LOC
就	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
崭	O	O
露	O	O
头	O	O
角	O	O
了	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
它	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
屏	O	O
障	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
田	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
绿	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
；	O	O
它	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
城	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
8	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
改	O	O
“	O	O
弯	O	O
弯	O	O
街	O	O
，	O	O
石	O	O
板	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
吊	O	O
脚	O	O
楼	O	O
，	O	O
煤	O	O
油	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
鸡	O	O
公	O	O
车	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
起	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
完	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
、	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
气	O	O
和	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O

政	O	O
府	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
呵	O	O
护	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
片	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
野	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
观	O	O
光	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
煞	O	O
费	O	O
苦	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
观	O	O
光	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
宝	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
、	O	O
休	O	O
闲	O	O
、	O	O
度	O	O
假	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
走	O	O
廊	O	O
？	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
晋	B-PER	O
希	I-PER	O
天	E-PER	O
更	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
于	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
士	O	O
大	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
种	O	O
桃	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
修	O	O
身	O	O
养	O	O
性	O	O
之	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
年	E-PER	E-PER
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
疲	O	O
倦	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
龙	B-LOC	B-LOC
泉	I-LOC	I-LOC
驿	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
“	O	O
桃	O	O
花	O	O
节	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
万	O	O
游	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
届	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
唐	O	O
入	O	O
魏	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
魏	O	O
入	O	O
汉	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
而	O	O
入	O	O
唐	O	O
，	O	O
入	O	O
宋	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
而	O	O
明	O	O
清	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
浸	O	O
淫	O	O
于	O	O
汉	O	O
魏	O	O
碑	O	O
版	O	O
并	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
羲	I-PER	I-PER
之	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
北	I-PER	I-PER
海	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
米	B-PER	O
元	I-PER	O
章	E-PER	O
、	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
思	I-PER	I-PER
白	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
觉	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
。	O	O

迪	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
又	O	O
建	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
“	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
王	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
乐	O	O
园	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O

西	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
系	I-ORG	I-ORG
统	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
额	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
时	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

企	O	O
业	O	O
对	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O

农	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
伞	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
记	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
业	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O

声	O	O
明	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
和	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
”	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
来	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
至	O	O
关	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
开	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
计	I-ORG	I-ORG
划	I-ORG	I-ORG
署	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
朝	O	O
着	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
等	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

原	O	O
本	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
怀	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
却	O	O
产	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
名	O	O
女	O	O
婴	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
洛	B-LOC	B-LOC
杉	I-LOC	I-LOC
矶	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
芯	O	O
片	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
商	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
英	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
天	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
内	O	O
裁	O	O
减	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
菲	B-ORG	B-ORG
律	I-ORG	I-ORG
宾	I-ORG	I-ORG
财	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
日	O	O
前	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
菲	B-LOC	B-LOC
律	I-LOC	I-LOC
宾	E-LOC	E-LOC
今	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
赤	O	O
字	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
欧	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
为	O	O
高	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
所	O	O
困	O	O
扰	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
挪	B-LOC	B-LOC
威	E-LOC	E-LOC
却	O	O
因	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
而	O	O
从	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
典	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
邻	O	O
国	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
招	O	O
募	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
上	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
区	O	O
别	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
新	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
率	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
3	O	O
·	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
·	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
企	I-ORG	I-ORG
划	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	E-ORG
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
月	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
判	O	O
断	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
原	O	O
地	O	O
踏	O	O
步	O	O
”	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
述	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
停	O	O
滞	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

劳	B-PER	B-PER
伦	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
吉	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
搜	O	O
索	O	O
引	O	O
擎	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
检	O	O
索	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
后	O	O
得	O	O
出	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
超	O	O
文	O	O
本	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
曾	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
估	O	O
算	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
超	O	O
出	O	O
过	O	O
两	O	O
亿	O	O
。	O	O

超	O	O
文	O	O
本	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
可	O	O
在	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
上	O	O
以	O	O
图	O	O
文	O	O
声	O	O
像	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
传	O	O
输	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
路	O	O
是	O	O
登	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
家	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
月	B-LOC	O
球	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
月	B-LOC	O
球	E-LOC	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
系	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
星	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
跳	O	O
板	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
转	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
太	O	O
空	O	O
探	O	O
测	O	O
器	O	O
重	O	O
访	O	O
月	B-LOC	B-LOC
球	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
月	B-LOC	O
球	E-LOC	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
冰	O	O
态	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
激	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
月	B-LOC	B-LOC
球	E-LOC	E-LOC
探	O	O
测	O	O
热	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
仪	O	O
”	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
由	O	O
多	O	O
具	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
望	O	O
远	O	O
镜	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
星	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
洞	O	O
察	O	O
力	O	O
”	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
倍	O	O
；	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
把	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
代	O	O
“	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
仪	O	O
”	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
能	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
距	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
3	O	O
亿	O	O
光	O	O
年	O	O
或	O	O
更	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
；	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
像	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
场	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
仪	O	O
”	O	O
送	O	O
上	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
将	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
到	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
星	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
天	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
正	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
搜	O	O
寻	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	I-LOC	I-LOC
系	E-LOC	E-LOC
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
地	S-LOC	O
外	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O

遗	O	O
传	O	O
性	O	O
脱	O	O
毛	O	O
有	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
曾	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
数	O	O
学	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
预	O	O
言	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
应	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
在	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
起	O	O
着	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
剂	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

7	O	O
日	O	O
深	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
帕	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
里	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
为	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
装	O	O
卸	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
装	O	O
卸	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
雇	O	O
佣	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
运	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
码	O	O
头	O	O
装	O	O
卸	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
之	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
非	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
装	O	O
卸	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
中	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
增	O	O
速	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
量	O	O
将	O	O
创	O	O
下	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
家	O	O
周	O	O
刊	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
达	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
剧	O	O
增	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

笔	O	O
者	O	O
走	O	O
访	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
《	B-ORG	I-ORG
柏	I-ORG	I-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
晨	I-ORG	I-ORG
邮	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	I-ORG	E-ORG
》	I-ORG	O
编	I-ORG	O
辑	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
家	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
出	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
版	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
版	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
黑	O	O
白	O	O
版	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
版	O	O
本	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
彩	O	O
色	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

编	O	O
辑	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
排	O	O
列	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
要	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
开	O	O
头	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
与	O	O
标	O	O
题	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
字	O	O
相	O	O
距	O	O
多	O	O
远	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
量	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
疲	O	O
劳	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
读	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
费	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
报	O	O
人	O	O
曾	O	O
对	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
之	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
翻	O	O
阅	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
它	O	O
就	O	O
算	O	O
是	O	O
受	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
纸	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
而	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
告	O	O
别	O	O
了	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
排	O	O
版	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
力	O	O
；	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
显	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
报	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
何	O	O
在	O	O
？	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
较	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
雄	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
药	I-ORG	I-ORG
品	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
和	I-ORG	I-ORG
制	I-ORG	I-ORG
造	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
和	O	O
染	O	O
色	O	O
体	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
对	O	O
付	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
。	O	O

盐	O	O
碱	O	O
水	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
地	O	O
下	O	O
土	O	O
层	O	O
空	O	O
洞	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
塌	O	O
陷	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
是	O	O
维	B-ORG	B-LOC
也	I-ORG	I-LOC
纳	I-ORG	E-LOC
国	I-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
歌	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
众	I-ORG	I-ORG
歌	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
皇	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
文	B-ORG	B-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

奥	S-LOC	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
（	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
）	O	O

西	B-LOC	B-LOC
班	I-LOC	I-LOC
牙	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
产	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
（	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
）	O	O

而	O	O
对	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
如	O	O
能	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
中	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
惠	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
偿	O	O
还	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
本	O	O
息	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
使	O	O
用	O	O
墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
模	O	O
式	O	O
来	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
借	O	O
贷	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
外	O	O
债	O	O
的	O	O
偿	O	O
还	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
用	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
偿	O	O
还	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
签	O	O
订	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
份	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
新	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
能	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
则	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
新	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
同	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
签	O	O
订	O	O
的	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
点	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

用	O	O
亮	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
颜	O	O
色	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
悲	O	O
剧	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
《	O	O
希	B-LOC	B-LOC
阿	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
萨	B-PER	B-ORG
达	I-PER	I-ORG
纳	I-PER	I-ORG
帕	I-PER	I-ORG
尔	E-PER	E-ORG
之	O	O
死	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
该	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
德	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
洛	I-PER	I-PER
瓦	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
图	I-LOC	I-LOC
书	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
卢	B-LOC	B-LOC
浮	I-LOC	I-LOC
宫	I-LOC	I-LOC
艺	I-LOC	I-LOC
术	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
及	O	O
鲁	B-LOC	B-ORG
昂	E-LOC	E-ORG
、	O	O
图	B-LOC	B-PER
尔	E-LOC	E-PER
、	O	O
尚	B-LOC	O
地	I-LOC	O
义	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	I-LOC	I-LOC
纳	E-LOC	I-LOC
的	O	I-LOC
美	O	I-LOC
术	O	I-LOC
馆	O	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

大	B-ORG	O
和	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
野	B-ORG	O
村	E-ORG	O
等	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
也	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
缩	O	O
小	O	O
在	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
管	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
购	O	O
并	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
遥	O	O
遥	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

股	O	O
市	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
流	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
欧	S-LOC	S-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
好	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
、	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
好	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
流	O	O
动	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
、	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

整	O	O
个	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
中	O	O
复	O	O
苏	O	O
的	O	O
迹	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
个	O	O
高	O	O
点	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
股	O	O
票	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
在	O	O
波	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
连	O	O
创	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
；	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
是	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
界	O	O
对	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
汇	O	O
率	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
因	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
不	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
而	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
欧	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
介	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
扶	O	O
植	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
七	O	O
专	O	O
”	O	O
元	O	O
器	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
由	O	O
型	O	O
号	O	O
总	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
作	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
强	O	O
国	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
更	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
更	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
往	O	O
返	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
九	O	O
四	O	O
二	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	O	O
功	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
枚	O	O
弹	O	O
道	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
v	O	O
2	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O
挤	O	O
进	O	O
来	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
被	O	O
挤	O	O
出	O	O
去	O	O
？	O	O

第	O	O
五	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
从	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
与	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
归	O	O
零	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
五	O	O
条	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
与	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
了	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
临	O	O
射	O	O
前	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
测	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
有	O	O
故	O	O
障	O	O
或	O	O
有	O	O
故	O	O
障	O	O
隐	O	O
患	O	O
的	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
不	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
点	O	O
火	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
就	O	O
以	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
借	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
。	O	O

也	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
潜	O	O
在	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
才	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
封	O	O
锁	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
弹	O	O
道	O	O
式	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
如	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
概	O	O
括	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
没	O	O
有	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
弹	O	O
、	O	O
氢	O	O
弹	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
卫	O	O
星	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
就	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
叫	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

4	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
长	O	O
征	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
和	O	O
东	O	B-LOC
方	O	I-LOC
红	O	I-LOC
卫	O	I-LOC
星	O	E-LOC
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
在	O	O
广	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
都	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
远	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
他	O	O
正	O	O
由	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
随	O	O
从	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
给	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
泰	S-LOC	O
王	O	O
朝	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
尊	O	O
雕	O	O
塑	O	O
献	O	O
花	O	O
圈	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
消	O	O
失	O	O
了	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

预	O	O
计	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
9	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
肯	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
需	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
谷	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
肯	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
官	O	O
方	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
肯	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
玉	O	O
米	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
将	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
；	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
、	O	O
豆	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
红	B-LOC	B-LOC
外	I-LOC	I-LOC
太	I-LOC	I-LOC
空	I-LOC	I-LOC
观	I-LOC	I-LOC
测	I-LOC	I-LOC
卫	I-LOC	I-LOC
星	E-LOC	E-LOC
共	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
约	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
个	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O

欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
天	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
班	I-LOC	I-LOC
牙	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
天	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
红	B-LOC	B-LOC
外	I-LOC	I-LOC
太	I-LOC	I-LOC
空	I-LOC	I-LOC
观	I-LOC	I-LOC
测	I-LOC	I-LOC
卫	I-LOC	I-LOC
星	E-LOC	E-LOC
上	O	O
的	O	O
短	O	O
波	O	O
长	O	O
分	O	O
光	O	O
仪	O	O
对	O	O
土	B-LOC	B-LOC
卫	I-LOC	I-LOC
六	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
气	O	O
层	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
和	O	O
4	O	O
4	O	O
微	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
波	O	O
长	O	O
上	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
发	O	O
散	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

鲍	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
温	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
称	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
饮	O	O
酒	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
傻	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
这	O	O
名	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
告	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
全	B-ORG	O
球	I-ORG	O
环	I-ORG	O
境	I-ORG	O
基	I-ORG	O
金	E-ORG	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
申	O	O
请	O	O
、	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
用	O	O
款	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
驱	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
天	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
火	B-LOC	B-LOC
星	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
海	B-ORG	O
盗	I-ORG	O
号	I-ORG	O
飞	I-ORG	O
船	E-ORG	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
的	O	O
火	B-LOC	B-LOC
星	E-LOC	E-LOC
上	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
面	O	O
孔	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
像	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
火	B-LOC	O
星	E-LOC	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
岩	O	O
石	O	O
高	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
下	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
幻	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
际	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
尽	O	O
快	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
与	O	O
在	O	O
野	O	O
党	O	O
各	O	O
执	O	O
一	O	O
词	O	O
，	O	O
僵	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
这	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
蕴	O	O
含	O	O
着	O	O
通	O	O
货	O	O
紧	O	O
缩	O	O
的	O	O
隐	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
萎	O	O
缩	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
率	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
疲	O	O
软	O	O
的	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
备	O	O
忘	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
紧	O	O
缩	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
中	O	B-ORG
央	O	I-ORG
银	O	I-ORG
行	O	E-ORG
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
仍	O	O
将	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
高	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
新	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
签	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
可	O	O
望	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
低	O	O
谷	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
的	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
应	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
渐	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
弱	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
和	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
新	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
紧	O	O
迫	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
于	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
、	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
得	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
结	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
在	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
和	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
精	O	O
神	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
和	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

能	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
着	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
途	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
端	O	O
正	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
兴	O	O
旺	O	O
；	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
受	O	O
损	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
届	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
新	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
益	O	O
肝	O	O
草	O	O
”	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
金	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O

成	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
霖	E-PER	E-PER
做	O	O
过	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
当	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
兵	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
到	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
药	O	O
方	O	O
还	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
他	O	O
解	O	O
民	O	O
疾	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
．	O	O
高	O	O
癌	O	O
家	O	O
族	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
的	O	O
癌	O	O
症	O	O
：	O	O
胃	O	O
癌	O	O
、	O	O
结	O	O
肠	O	O
癌	O	O
、	O	O
乳	O	O
腺	O	O
癌	O	O
、	O	O
子	O	O
宫	O	O
癌	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
管	O	O
癌	O	O
、	O	O
鼻	O	O
咽	O	O
癌	O	O
和	O	O
肝	O	O
癌	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
下	O	O
列	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
遗	O	O
传	O	O
性	O	O
或	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
遗	O	O
传	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
性	O	O
肿	O	O
瘤	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
防	O	O
癌	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
：	O	O

癌	O	O
症	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
级	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
是	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
危	O	O
人	O	O
群	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
普	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
早	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
早	O	O
期	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
、	O	O
早	O	O
期	O	O
诊	O	O
断	O	O
、	O	O
早	O	O
期	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
催	O	O
熟	O	O
剂	O	O
”	O	O
使	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
生	O	O
长	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
合	O	O
成	O	O
其	O	O
本	O	O
应	O	O
含	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
体	O	O
所	O	O
需	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
豫	S-LOC	O
东	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
菜	O	O
农	O	O
为	O	O
使	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
的	O	O
西	O	O
红	O	O
柿	O	O
早	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
卖	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
价	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
的	O	O
西	O	O
红	O	O
柿	O	O
上	O	O
喷	O	O
洒	O	O
、	O	O
涂	O	O
抹	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
“	O	O
催	O	O
熟	O	O
剂	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

班	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
还	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
感	O	O
召	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
力	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
干	O	O
上	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
富	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

领	O	O
导	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
以	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
『	O	O
一	O	O
把	O	O
手	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
捐	O	O
资	O	O
近	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
鹿	B-LOC	B-LOC
寨	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
龙	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
三	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
修	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
所	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
4	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
村	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
、	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
为	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
解	O	O
忧	O	O
愁	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
某	O	O
预	O	O
备	O	O
役	O	O
师	O	O
炮	O	O
兵	O	O
团	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
帮	O	O
困	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O

图	O	O
为	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
曾	B-PER	O
广	I-PER	O
超	E-PER	O
将	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
常	O	O
委	O	O
捐	O	O
助	O	O
“	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
钱	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
、	O	O
情	O	O
系	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-ORG
京	I-LOC	I-ORG
军	I-LOC	I-ORG
区	E-LOC	I-ORG
某	O	I-ORG
炮	O	I-ORG
兵	O	I-ORG
旅	O	I-ORG
党	O	I-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
在	O	O
抓	O	O
好	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
着	O	O
老	O	O
区	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
外	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
购	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
户	O	O
樊	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
坐	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
包	O	O
车	O	O
里	O	O
等	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
伴	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
深	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
更	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

建	O	B-ORG
立	O	I-ORG
省	B-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
宣	B-ORG	B-ORG
传	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
团	B-ORG	B-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
省	B-ORG	B-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
联	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
、	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
四	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
引	O	O
向	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O

按	O	O
照	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
《	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
出	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
做	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
信	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
敏	O	O
锐	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
鉴	O	O
别	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
摇	O	O
；	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
同	O	O
党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
保	O	O
持	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
；	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
在	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
承	O	O
受	O	O
、	O	O
抵	O	O
御	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
安	O	O
思	O	O
危	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
；	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
倡	O	O
廉	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
行	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
地	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
前	O	O
和	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
精	O	O
神	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
到	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
精	O	O
神	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
和	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
到	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
市	O	O
第	O	O
七	O	O
次	O	O
党	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
上	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
使	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
要	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

实	O	O
现	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
任	O	O
重	O	O
而	O	O
道	O	O
远	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
距	O	O
离	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
偿	O	O
付	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
或	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
承	O	O
揽	O	O
新	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
来	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
时	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
天	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
险	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	E-ORG	E-ORG
承	O	O
保	O	O
、	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
宇	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
制	O	O
造	O	O
、	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
中	S-LOC	O
欧	S-LOC	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
的	O	O
“	B-LOC	B-LOC
鑫	I-LOC	I-LOC
诺	I-LOC	I-LOC
1	I-LOC	I-LOC
号	I-LOC	I-LOC
”	I-LOC	I-LOC
通	I-LOC	I-LOC
信	I-LOC	I-LOC
卫	I-LOC	I-LOC
星	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
昌	I-LOC	I-LOC
卫	I-LOC	I-LOC
星	I-LOC	I-LOC
发	I-LOC	I-LOC
射	I-LOC	I-LOC
中	I-LOC	I-LOC
心	E-LOC	E-LOC
由	O	O
长	O	O
征	O	O
三	O	O
号	O	O
乙	O	O
运	O	O
载	O	O
火	O	O
箭	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
升	O	O
空	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
远	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
为	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
近	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
为	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
倾	O	O
角	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
地	B-LOC	B-LOC
球	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
步	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
将	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
些	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
汇	O	O
率	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
和	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
厉	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
借	O	O
到	O	O
款	O	O
就	O	O
万	O	O
事	O	O
大	O	O
吉	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
远	O	O
期	O	O
保	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
在	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
分	O	O
行	O	O
试	O	O
办	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
远	O	O
期	O	O
结	O	O
售	O	O
汇	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
行	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
内	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
中	B-ORG	O
行	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
已	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
惨	O	O
痛	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
债	O	O
券	O	O
、	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
等	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
借	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
中	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
债	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
书	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
楚	S-LOC	O
材	O	O
晋	S-LOC	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
了	O	O
金	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
升	O	O
华	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

书	O	O
中	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
精	O	O
妙	O	O
入	O	O
微	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

汴	B-PER	B-LOC
梁	I-PER	I-LOC
宫	I-PER	E-LOC
人	E-PER	O
企	O	O
盼	O	O
收	O	O
复	O	O
失	O	O
土	O	O
，	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
中	B-LOC	O
原	E-LOC	O
；	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
皇	I-PER	E-PER
后	E-PER	O
歌	O	O
功	O	O
颂	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
粉	O	O
饰	O	O
太	O	O
平	O	O
；	O	O
花	B-PER	O
蕊	I-PER	O
夫	I-PER	O
人	I-PER	O
徐	I-PER	O
氏	E-PER	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
宫	O	O
女	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
闷	O	O
，	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
。	O	O

凯	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
渥	I-PER	I-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
著	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
碧	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
傅	B-PER	B-PER
天	I-PER	I-PER
英	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
译	O	O
，	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
蒙	I-ORG	I-ORG
古	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
幼	O	O
儿	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
幼	O	O
儿	O	O
共	O	O
读	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
幼	O	O
儿	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
遵	O	O
循	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
论	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
既	O	O
熔	O	O
众	O	O
方	O	O
家	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
博	O	O
见	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
炉	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
透	O	O
彻	O	O
地	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
幼	O	O
儿	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
、	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
和	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
要	O	O
使	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
畅	O	O
销	O	O
并	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
其	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
尽	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
兼	O	O
顾	O	O
查	O	O
索	O	O
和	O	O
阅	O	O
读	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
了	O	O
百	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
作	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
词	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
条	O	O
分	O	O
缕	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
线	O	O
索	O	O
对	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
综	O	O
述	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
哲	O	O
学	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
和	O	O
为	O	O
贵	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

孔	B-PER	B-PER
子	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
“	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
之	O	O
性	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
贵	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
；	O	O
《	O	O
礼	O	O
运	O	O
》	O	O
曰	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
之	O	O
心	O	O
也	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
是	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
器	O	O
官	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
；	O	O
孟	B-PER	O
子	E-PER	O
辨	O	O
析	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
异	O	O
于	O	O
禽	O	O
兽	O	O
者	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
良	O	O
贵	O	O
”	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
人	O	O
有	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
也	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
很	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
古	O	O
代	O	O
贤	O	O
哲	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
设	O	O
身	O	O
处	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
知	O	O
其	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
否	O	O
则	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
看	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
超	O	O
越	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
谓	O	O
批	O	O
判	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
批	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
光	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
提	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
“	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
务	O	O
之	O	O
急	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
此	O	O
相	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
又	O	O
为	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
长	O	O
治	O	O
久	O	O
安	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
所	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
贫	O	O
穷	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
与	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
对	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

处	O	O
于	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
以	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
相	O	O
应	O	O
地	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
以	O	O
按	O	O
劳	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
并	O	O
存	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
背	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
定	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
起	O	O
主	O	O
导	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
分	O	O
配	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
把	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
、	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
良	O	O
性	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
和	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O

企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
信	O	O
号	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
盲	O	O
目	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
保	O	O
留	O	O
了	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
扩	O	O
张	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
重	O	O
复	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
在	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
过	O	O
度	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
浪	O	O
费	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
为	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
是	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
前	O	O
人	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
干	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
列	B-PER	B-PER
宁	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
本	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
讲	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
别	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
干	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
答	O	O
案	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
借	O	O
鉴	O	O
。	O	O

各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
应	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
中	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
“	O	O
自	O	O
尊	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
信	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
立	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
强	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
奋	O	O
发	O	O
有	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
锲	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
舍	O	O
地	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
汲	O	O
取	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
专	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O

企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
会	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
装	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O

海	B-ORG	B-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
是	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
让	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
百	O	O
分	O	O
之	O	O
百	O	O
地	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
不	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
维	O	O
修	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
用	O	O
户	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
售	O	O
后	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
抓	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
缺	O	O
陷	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
废	O	O
品	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
业	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
8	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
净	O	O
增	O	O
4	O	O
7	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
患	O	O
癌	O	O
率	O	O
是	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
倍	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
患	O	O
病	O	O
率	O	O
是	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
肿	O	O
瘤	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
癌	O	O
症	O	O
，	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
肿	O	O
瘤	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
都	O	O
叫	O	O
“	O	O
癌	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
类	O	O
来	O	O
源	O	O
于	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
成	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
肿	O	O
瘤	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
不	O	O
叫	O	O
癌	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
叫	O	O
肉	O	O
瘤	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
前	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
“	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
”	O	O
两	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
畸	O	O
胎	O	O
瘤	O	O
、	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
混	O	O
合	O	O
瘤	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
田	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
刚	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
持	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
圆	O	O
满	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
上	O	O
”	O	O
者	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
意	O	O
中	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
了	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
对	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
赖	O	O
。	O	O

乡	O	O
镇	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
是	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
度	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
压	O	O
力	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
以	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
来	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
谁	O	O
去	O	O
谁	O	O
留	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
上	O	O
谁	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
让	O	O
搞	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
可	O	O
乘	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
会	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

乡	O	O
镇	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
既	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
切	O	O
身	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
来	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
去	O	O
留	O	O
，	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
推	O	O
崇	O	O
。	O	O

后	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
平	B-ORG	B-ORG
顶	I-ORG	I-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
其	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
的	O	O
顺	B-ORG	B-ORG
昌	I-ORG	I-ORG
煤	I-ORG	I-ORG
矿	E-ORG	E-ORG
（	O	O
即	O	O
原	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
府	I-ORG	I-ORG
企	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
抢	O	O
占	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
）	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
卿	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
矿	O	O
长	O	O
乔	B-PER	B-PER
全	I-PER	I-PER
兴	E-PER	E-PER
出	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
户	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O

事	O	O
情	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
向	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
出	O	O
煤	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
平	B-LOC	B-ORG
顶	I-LOC	I-ORG
山	I-LOC	I-ORG
市	E-LOC	I-ORG
西	B-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
府	I-ORG	I-ORG
企	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
强	O	O
占	O	O
。	O	O

河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
宝	B-LOC	B-LOC
丰	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
营	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
四	B-LOC	O
村	E-LOC	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
人	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
村	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
户	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
集	O	O
资	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
平	B-LOC	B-LOC
顶	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
平	B-LOC	B-LOC
顶	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
高	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
煤	O	O
矿	O	O
。	O	O

贸	O	O
易	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
和	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
流	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
是	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
种	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
治	O	O
标	O	O
不	O	O
治	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
从	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
、	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
“	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
型	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
供	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
迫	O	O
使	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
从	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
忍	O	O
痛	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
家	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
与	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
是	O	O
重	O	O
叠	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
又	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
这	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
化	O	O
解	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
们	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
服	O	O
药	O	O
和	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
费	O	O
补	O	O
贴	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
索	O	O
要	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
型	O	O
芯	O	O
片	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
半	I-ORG	I-ORG
导	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
六	O	O
日	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
芯	O	O
片	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
降	O	O
至	O	O
每	O	O
台	O	O
四	O	O
百	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
《	I-ORG	I-ORG
今	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	I-ORG	E-ORG
》	E-ORG	O
六	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
退	O	O
休	O	O
金	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
将	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
混	O	O
合	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
金	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
金	O	O
由	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
：	O	O
不	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
工	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
工	O	O
龄	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
愿	O	O
缴	O	O
纳	O	O
会	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
非	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
退	I-ORG	I-ORG
休	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
。	O	O

叶	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
原	O	O
则	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
金	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
已	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
提	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
金	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
巨	O	O
石	O	O
阵	O	O
中	O	O
放	O	O
入	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
录	O	O
音	O	O
器	O	O
材	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
巨	O	O
石	O	O
阵	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
扁	O	O
平	O	O
石	O	O
块	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
精	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
反	O	O
射	O	O
巨	O	O
石	O	O
阵	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
声	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
其	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
于	O	O
石	O	O
阵	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
块	O	O
巨	O	O
石	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
巨	O	O
石	O	O
阵	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
欧	E-LOC	E-LOC
平	O	O
原	O	O
上	O	O
常	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O

谜	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
史	O	O
前	O	O
巨	O	O
石	O	O
阵	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
古	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
“	O	O
音	O	O
箱	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
《	B-ORG	B-ORG
财	I-ORG	I-ORG
富	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	E-ORG	E-ORG
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
头	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
家	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
·	O	O
3	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
增	O	O
幅	O	O
降	O	O
为	O	O
7	O	O
·	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
家	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
合	O	O
并	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
设	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
旅	B-ORG	B-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
者	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
老	O	O
牌	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
先	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
等	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
了	O	O
史	B-ORG	B-PER
密	I-ORG	I-PER
斯	I-ORG	I-PER
·	I-ORG	I-PER
巴	I-ORG	I-PER
内	I-ORG	E-PER
金	I-ORG	O
融	I-ORG	O
服	I-ORG	O
务	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
动	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
敢	O	O
冒	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
民	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
份	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
已	O	O
达	O	O
2	O	O
·	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
亿	O	O
吨	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
9	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

还	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
枪	O	O
支	O	O
买	O	O
卖	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
枪	O	O
支	O	O
泛	O	O
滥	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

桥	O	O
面	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
比	O	O
两	O	O
端	O	O
高	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
距	O	O
海	O	O
面	O	O
约	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O

宽	O	O
约	O	O
4	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
明	B-LOC	B-LOC
石	I-LOC	I-LOC
海	I-LOC	E-LOC
峡	E-LOC	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
神	B-LOC	B-LOC
户	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
淡	B-LOC	B-LOC
路	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
有	O	O
明	B-LOC	B-LOC
石	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
而	O	O
得	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
海	O	O
水	O	O
最	O	O
深	O	O
处	O	O
约	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
火	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
逼	O	O
近	O	O
该	O	O
州	O	B-LOC
州	O	I-LOC
府	O	I-LOC
博	B-LOC	I-LOC
阿	I-LOC	I-LOC
维	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
诺	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

肆	O	O
虐	O	O
数	O	O
月	O	O
之	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
孙	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
赖	I-LOC	I-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
大	O	O
火	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
根	I-LOC	I-LOC
廷	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
委	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瑞	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
消	O	O
防	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
扑	O	O
救	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
林	O	O
火	O	O
被	O	O
扑	O	O
灭	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
尚	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
看	O	O
做	O	O
是	O	O
博	O	O
览	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
明	O	O
星	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
肥	O	O
壮	O	O
的	O	O
奶	O	O
牛	O	O
、	O	O
温	O	O
柔	O	O
的	O	O
羔	O	O
羊	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
斑	O	O
斓	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
禽	O	O
旁	O	O
边	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
围	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
群	O	O
天	O	O
真	O	O
烂	O	O
漫	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
的	O	O
陪	O	O
伴	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
抚	O	O
摸	O	O
畜	O	O
禽	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
与	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
低	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
抢	O	O
拍	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
动	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
乳	O	O
牛	O	O
繁	O	O
殖	O	O
、	O	O
瘦	O	O
肉	O	O
型	O	O
猪	O	O
饲	O	O
养	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
牲	O	O
畜	O	O
配	O	O
种	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
都	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
从	O	O
加	B-LOC	B-LOC
拿	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
口	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
亿	O	O
加	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
和	O	O
菜	O	O
子	O	O
油	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
加	S-LOC	O
对	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
出	O	O
口	O	O
农	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
占	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
今	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
简	O	O
化	O	O
了	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
；	O	O
泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
为	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
解	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
管	O	O
制	O	O
；	O	O
菲	B-LOC	B-LOC
律	I-LOC	I-LOC
宾	E-LOC	E-LOC
正	O	O
在	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
关	O	O
税	O	O
和	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
以	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O

按	O	O
照	O	O
马	S-LOC	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
货	B-ORG	B-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
债	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
其	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
债	O	O
率	O	O
虽	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
仍	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
道	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
受	O	O
厄	O	O
尔	O	O
尼	O	O
诺	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
棉	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
老	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
南	B-LOC	O
哥	I-LOC	O
打	I-LOC	O
巴	I-LOC	B-LOC
托	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
桑	B-LOC	B-PER
托	I-LOC	I-PER
斯	I-LOC	E-PER
将	I-LOC	O
军	I-LOC	O
城	E-LOC	O
一	O	O
带	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
旱	O	O
灾	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
水	O	O
稻	O	O
和	O	O
玉	O	O
米	O	O
歉	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
百	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
饥	O	O
荒	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
此	O	O
间	O	O
《	O	O
时	B-ORG	O
报	E-ORG	O
》	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
艘	O	O
尼	B-LOC	B-LOC
日	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
客	O	O
轮	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
国	O	O
东	O	O
南	O	O
的	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-PER
夸	I-LOC	I-PER
·	I-LOC	I-PER
伊	I-LOC	I-PER
博	I-LOC	I-PER
姆	I-LOC	I-PER
州	E-LOC	E-PER
附	O	O
近	O	O
海	O	O
域	O	O
遭	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
海	O	O
浪	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
而	O	O
倾	O	O
覆	O	O
，	O	O
船	O	O
上	O	O
乘	O	O
客	O	O
仅	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
还	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
人	O	O
遇	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
地	O	O
在	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
奈	I-LOC	I-LOC
半	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
反	O	O
毒	O	O
、	O	O
肃	O	O
毒	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
“	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
奈	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
部	B-ORG	O
落	I-ORG	O
长	I-ORG	O
老	I-ORG	O
委	I-ORG	O
员	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
其	O	O
在	O	O
民	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
威	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
起	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
地	O	O
块	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
还	O	O
加	O	O
盖	O	O
了	O	O
塑	O	O
料	O	O
篷	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
侦	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
升	O	O
机	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
不	O	O
易	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
降	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
园	O	O
的	O	O
田	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
奈	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
奈	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
4	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O

西	B-LOC	B-LOC
奈	I-LOC	I-LOC
半	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
广	O	O
人	O	O
稀	O	O
，	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
不	O	O
便	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
遍	O	O
布	O	O
山	O	O
丘	O	O
和	O	O
大	O	O
漠	O	O
的	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
地	O	O
形	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
法	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
和	O	O
贩	O	O
卖	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
驻	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
奈	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
边	O	O
防	O	O
军	O	O
与	O	O
第	B-ORG	B-ORG
二	E-ORG	I-ORG
、	O	I-ORG
第	B-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	I-ORG
反	I-ORG	I-ORG
毒	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
协	O	O
同	O	O
作	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
侦	O	O
察	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
突	O	O
袭	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
捣	O	O
毁	O	O
了	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
费	O	O
丹	O	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
费	O	O
丹	O	O
约	O	O
合	O	O
6	O	O
．	O	O
3	O	O
亩	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
4	O	O
日	O	O
向	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
出	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
改	O	O
变	O	O
其	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
旷	O	O
日	O	O
持	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
停	O	O
滞	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
宝	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	E-ORG	E-ORG
战	O	O
胜	O	O
了	O	O
大	B-ORG	O
众	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
有	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
：	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
宝	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	E-ORG	E-ORG
早	O	O
就	O	O
与	O	O
劳	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
莱	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
亨	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
劳	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
商	O	O
查	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
创	O	O
建	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
劳	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
莱	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
汽	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
母	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
军	B-ORG	B-ORG
火	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
维	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
柯	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
钱	I-PER	I-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
斟	O	O
酌	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
由	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
宝	I-ORG	I-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
汽	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
收	O	O
购	O	O
劳	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
莱	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
汽	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
价	O	O
为	O	O
3	O	O
．	O	O
4	O	O
亿	O	O
英	O	O
镑	O	O
，	O	O
折	O	O
合	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
马	O	O
克	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
黑	O	O
洞	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
唤	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
于	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
演	O	O
化	O	O
晚	O	O
期	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
级	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
超	O	O
新	O	O
星	O	O
爆	O	O
发	O	O
坍	O	O
缩	O	O
成	O	O
黑	O	O
洞	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
：	O	O
即	O	O
超	O	O
新	O	O
星	O	O
爆	O	O
发	O	O
把	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
壳	O	O
抛	O	O
到	O	O
星	O	O
际	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
超	O	O
新	O	O
星	O	O
遗	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
蟹	O	O
状	O	O
星	O	O
云	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
宋	O	O
朝	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
所	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
超	O	O
新	O	O
星	O	O
爆	O	O
发	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
遗	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
壳	O	O
则	O	O
坍	O	O
缩	O	O
成	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
致	O	O
密	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
照	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
坍	O	O
缩	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
次	O	O
坍	O	O
缩	O	O
成	O	O
白	B-LOC	O
矮	I-LOC	O
星	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
中	B-LOC	O
子	I-LOC	O
星	E-LOC	O
（	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
质	O	O
量	O	O
）	O	O
或	O	O
黑	O	O
洞	O	O
（	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
于	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
质	O	O
量	O	O
）	O	O
；	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
射	O	O
电	O	O
脉	O	O
冲	O	O
星	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
证	O	O
实	O	O
是	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
预	O	O
言	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	O
子	I-LOC	O
星	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
蟹	O	O
状	O	O
星	O	O
云	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
所	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	O
子	I-LOC	O
星	E-LOC	O
被	O	O
看	O	O
成	O	O
是	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
晚	O	O
期	O	O
演	O	O
化	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
去	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
黑	O	O
洞	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

黑	O	O
洞	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
半	O	O
径	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
也	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
视	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
黑	O	O
洞	O	O
视	O	O
界	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
视	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
观	O	O
测	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
）	O	O
和	O	O
黑	O	O
洞	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
成	O	O
正	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
越	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
黑	O	O
洞	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
半	O	O
径	O	O
”	O	O
也	O	O
越	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
质	O	O
量	O	O
所	O	O
对	O	O
应	O	O
的	O	O
黑	O	O
洞	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
半	O	O
径	O	O
”	O	O
约	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
半	O	O
径	O	O
约	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
的	O	O
6	O	O
次	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
把	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
变	O	O
成	O	O
黑	O	O
洞	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
每	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
厘	O	O
米	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
次	O	O
方	O	O
克	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
仲	B-ORG	O
裁	I-ORG	O
庭	E-ORG	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
裁	O	O
决	O	O
：	O	O
被	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
与	O	O
申	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
终	O	O
止	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
无	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
延	O	O
续	O	O
至	O	O
申	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
哺	O	O
乳	O	O
期	O	O
满	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
申	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
孕	O	O
期	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
期	O	O
、	O	O
哺	O	O
乳	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
申	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
给	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
期	O	O
”	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
所	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
；	O	O
被	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
本	O	O
裁	O	O
决	O	O
生	O	O
效	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
五	O	O
日	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
付	O	O
申	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

请	O	O
看	O	O
－	O	O
－	O	O
－	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
准	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
的	O	O
迷	O	O
惑	O	O
（	O	O
女	O	O
性	O	O
与	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
）	O	O

这	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
将	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
照	O	O
顾	O	O
得	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
周	O	O
到	O	O
。	O	O

待	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
痊	O	O
愈	O	O
出	O	O
院	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
却	O	O
住	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
胥	B-PER	B-PER
慧	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
奉	O	O
献	O	O
了	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
所	O	O
能	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
前	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
万	O	O
一	O	O
没	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
，	O	O
摔	O	O
了	O	O
跤	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
办	O	O
？	O	O

几	O	O
位	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
姐	O	O
妹	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
起	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
点	O	O
怕	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
很	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
想	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
，	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
；	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
可	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

女	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
在	O	O
岗	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
脚	O	O
印	O	O
去	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
。	O	O

事	O	O
实	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
城	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
未	O	O
被	O	O
“	O	O
开	O	O
垦	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
去	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O

黑	B-LOC	B-LOC
龙	I-LOC	I-LOC
江	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
省	O	O
长	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
宏	I-PER	I-PER
伟	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
个	O	O
雅	O	O
号	O	O
：	O	O
养	O	O
狐	O	O
皇	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O

改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
卖	O	O
菜	O	O
、	O	O
做	O	O
保	O	O
姆	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
洁	O	O
员	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
干	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
声	O	O
有	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
庄	S-PER	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
在	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
几	O	O
乎	O	O
家	O	O
喻	O	O
户	O	O
晓	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
的	O	O
庄	B-PER	O
红	I-PER	O
卫	E-PER	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
净	O	O
菜	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
做	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
初	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
式	O	O
小	O	O
作	O	O
坊	O	O
已	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	B-ORG
庄	B-ORG	I-ORG
妈	I-ORG	I-ORG
妈	I-ORG	I-ORG
净	I-ORG	I-ORG
菜	I-ORG	I-ORG
服	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
女	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
吸	O	O
纳	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
在	O	O
减	O	O
弱	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
尹	B-PER	B-PER
莉	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
红	O	O
火	O	O
。	O	O

冬	O	O
天	O	O
可	O	O
让	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
近	O	O
的	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
来	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
装	O	O
瓶	O	O
开	O	O
水	O	O
带	O	O
走	O	O
。	O	O

法	O	O
庭	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
判	O	O
处	O	O
山	B-PER	O
崎	E-PER	O
“	O	O
非	O	O
法	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
鹅	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
”	O	O
罪	O	O
。	O	O

警	O	O
察	O	O
从	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
里	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
只	O	O
装	O	O
在	O	O
袋	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
鹅	O	O
。	O	O

皇	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
天	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	I-LOC	I-LOC
系	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	I-LOC	I-LOC
系	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
比	O	O
原	O	O
先	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
天	O	O
体	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
宇	O	O
宙	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
都	O	O
被	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
过	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	I-LOC	I-LOC
系	E-LOC	E-LOC
只	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
，	O	O
恒	O	O
星	O	O
的	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
解	O	O
释	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
先	O	O
对	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	I-LOC	I-LOC
系	E-LOC	E-LOC
规	O	O
模	O	O
的	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
偏	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
国	O	I-ORG
际	O	I-ORG
玩	O	I-ORG
具	O	I-ORG
交	O	I-ORG
易	O	I-ORG
会	O	E-ORG
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
额	O	O
增	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
额	O	O
也	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
在	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
或	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
便	O	O
利	O	O
和	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
连	O	O
年	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
执	O	O
行	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
米	B-PER	B-PER
歇	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
康	I-PER	I-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
苏	E-PER	E-PER
则	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
更	O	O
迭	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
新	O	O
税	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
被	O	O
推	O	O
迟	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
毛	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
为	O	O
7	O	O
7	O	O
1	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
市	O	O
值	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
均	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
量	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
股	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
仍	O	O
愿	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
经	O	O
纪	O	O
人	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
大	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
拒	O	O
之	O	O
门	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O

截	O	O
至	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
8	O	O
7	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
微	B-ORG	B-ORG
软	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
名	O	O
牌	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
所	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
证	O	O
券	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
愈	O	O
来	O	O
愈	O	O
红	O	O
火	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
衍	O	O
生	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
升	O	O
温	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
纳	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
达	O	O
成	O	O
联	O	O
姻	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
赫	O	O
赫	O	O
有	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
纽	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

鉴	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
公	O	O
害	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
界	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
众	O	O
媒	O	O
介	O	O
近	O	O
来	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
“	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
激	O	O
素	O	O
”	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

双	O	O
方	O	O
都	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
里	B-LOC	O
海	E-LOC	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
运	O	O
输	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
应	O	O
从	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
代	O	O
理	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
涅	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
佐	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
们	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
在	O	O
距	O	O
今	O	O
约	O	O
2	O	O
·	O	O
3	O	O
亿	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
生	O	O
代	O	O
三	O	O
迭	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
态	O	O
较	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
身	O	O
长	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
·	O	O
5	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
内	I-ORG	I-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
议	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
放	O	O
宽	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
越	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
南	O	O
部	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
热	O	O
浪	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
创	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
兑	O	O
换	O	O
机	O	O
将	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
在	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
店	O	O
、	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
等	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
随	O	O
时	O	O
随	O	O
地	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
兑	O	O
换	O	O
外	O	O
币	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
般	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
法	O	O
对	O	O
日	O	O
常	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
有	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
争	O	O
夺	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
个	O	O
人	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
给	O	O
有	O	O
钱	O	O
人	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
；	O	O
三	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
供	O	O
不	O	O
应	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
自	O	O
动	O	O
货	O	O
币	O	O
兑	O	O
换	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
伪	O	O
钞	O	O
鉴	O	O
定	O	O
机	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
写	O	O
字	O	O
楼	O	O
林	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
虎	B-LOC	O
门	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
花	B-ORG	B-ORG
旗	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
大	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
销	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
卡	O	O
。	O	O

店	O	O
方	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
围	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
可	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
魏	B-PER	O
勒	E-PER	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
超	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O

更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
魏	B-PER	B-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
宁	O	O
静	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
如	O	O
“	O	O
明	O	O
月	O	O
松	O	O
间	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
清	O	O
泉	O	O
石	O	O
上	O	O
流	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
幽	O	O
远	O	O
意	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
意	O	O
境	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
和	O	O
谐	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
须	O	O
得	O	O
倾	O	O
力	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
然	O	O
终	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
总	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
报	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
唐	O	O
宋	O	O
山	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
才	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
所	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
魅	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
才	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
绘	O	O
画	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

年	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
魏	B-PER	B-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
跑	O	O
遍	O	O
了	O	O
维	B-LOC	B-LOC
也	I-LOC	I-LOC
纳	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
店	O	O
和	O	O
古	O	O
董	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
搜	O	O
集	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
为	O	O
数	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
画	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
潜	O	O
心	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
魏	B-PER	B-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
在	O	O
维	B-ORG	B-LOC
也	I-ORG	I-LOC
纳	I-ORG	E-LOC
艺	I-ORG	O
术	I-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
施	I-PER	I-PER
泰	I-PER	I-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
从	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
回	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
博	O	O
物	O	O
馆	O	O
里	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
绘	O	O
画	O	O
乃	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
唐	O	O
宋	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
水	O	O
画	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
他	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
并	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
诱	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
和	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
访	O	O
奥	S-LOC	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
即	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
促	O	O
成	O	O
画	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

布	B-PER	B-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
将	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
退	O	O
休	O	O
者	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
者	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
对	O	O
付	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
“	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
财	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
官	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
揆	I-PER	I-PER
成	E-PER	E-PER
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
并	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
《	O	O
新	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
以	O	O
负	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
为	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O

韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
财	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
官	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
揆	I-PER	I-PER
成	E-PER	E-PER
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
负	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
。	O	O

妨	O	B-ORG
碍	O	I-ORG
中	B-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
独	O	O
立	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
大	B-ORG	O
藏	E-ORG	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
对	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
拥	O	O
有	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
裁	O	O
罢	O	O
免	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
出	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
三	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
三	B-ORG	O
洋	I-ORG	O
证	I-ORG	O
券	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
道	I-ORG	I-ORG
拓	I-ORG	I-ORG
殖	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
山	B-ORG	O
一	I-ORG	O
证	I-ORG	O
券	I-ORG	O
公	I-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
是	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
兆	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
及	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
银	O	O
行	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
早	O	O
期	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
”	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
波	O	O
浪	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
4	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
吉	B-PER	B-PER
恩	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
赛	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
曾	O	O
经	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
到	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
他	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
波	I-LOC	I-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
号	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
官	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
波	I-LOC	I-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
计	O	O
划	O	O
”	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
踏	O	O
足	O	O
月	B-LOC	O
球	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
太	O	O
空	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
幕	O	O
后	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
半	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
名	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
副	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
涅	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
佐	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
外	B-ORG	B-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
普	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
科	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
谢	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
盖	I-PER	I-PER
耶	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
财	B-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
扎	B-PER	B-PER
多	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
诺	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
民	B-ORG	O
防	I-ORG	O
、	I-ORG	O
紧	I-ORG	O
急	I-ORG	O
情	I-ORG	O
况	I-ORG	O
和	I-ORG	O
消	I-ORG	O
除	I-ORG	O
自	I-ORG	O
然	I-ORG	O
灾	I-ORG	O
害	I-ORG	O
后	I-ORG	O
果	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
长	O	O
绍	B-PER	B-PER
伊	I-PER	I-PER
古	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
教	B-ORG	B-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
吉	B-PER	B-PER
洪	I-PER	I-PER
诺	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
交	B-ORG	B-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
谢	I-PER	I-PER
年	I-PER	I-PER
科	E-PER	E-PER
都	O	O
是	O	O
原	O	O
切	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
诺	I-PER	I-PER
梅	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
金	E-PER	E-PER
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
以	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
忧	O	O
虑	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
“	O	O
正	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
所	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
就	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
的	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
越	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
党	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

阮	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
灵	E-PER	E-PER
毕	O	O
生	O	O
完	O	O
美	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
贵	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
而	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O

出	O	O
席	O	O
追	O	O
悼	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
：	O	O
越	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
黎	B-PER	O
可	I-PER	O
漂	E-PER	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
潘	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
凯	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
越	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	I-ORG
顾	O	I-ORG
问	O	I-ORG
杜	B-PER	I-ORG
梅	E-PER	E-ORG
、	O	O
黎	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
英	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
武	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
杰	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
及	O	O
越	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
党	O	O
政	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

越	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
为	O	O
阮	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
灵	E-PER	E-PER
隆	O	O
重	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
追	O	O
悼	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
悠	O	O
扬	O	O
乐	O	O
曲	O	O
和	O	O
鲜	O	O
花	O	O
装	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
中	O	O
又	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
金	B-PER	B-LOC
钟	I-PER	I-LOC
泌	E-PER	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
晚	O	O
宴	O	O
上	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
颇	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
谈	O	O
兴	O	O
未	O	O
尽	O	O
。	O	O

胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
礼	O	O
轻	O	O
情	O	O
义	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
祝	O	O
你	O	O
生	O	O
日	O	O
快	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

当	O	O
听	O	O
说	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
恰	O	O
巧	O	O
是	O	O
午	O	O
餐	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
韩	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	E-ORG
议	E-ORG	O
新	O	O
会	O	O
长	O	O
金	B-PER	B-PER
相	I-PER	I-PER
厦	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
7	O	O
2	O	O
岁	O	O
生	O	O
日	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
把	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
玲	O	O
珑	O	O
精	O	O
巧	O	O
的	O	O
宜	B-LOC	O
兴	E-LOC	O
紫	O	O
砂	O	O
壶	O	O
送	O	O
给	O	O
金	B-PER	O
相	I-PER	O
厦	E-PER	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
济	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
（	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
）	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
祝	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
昌	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
对	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
圆	O	O
满	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
日	O	O
程	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
乘	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
去	O	O
蔚	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
济	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
道	E-LOC	E-LOC
继	O	O
续	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
制	O	O
裁	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
是	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	E-LOC	E-LOC
完	O	O
全	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
杀	O	O
伤	O	O
性	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
日	B-ORG	O
内	I-ORG	B-ORG
瓦	I-ORG	I-ORG
裁	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
谈	I-ORG	I-ORG
判	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
、	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
、	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
缔	O	O
约	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
的	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
缔	O	O
结	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

禁	O	O
止	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
相	O	O
继	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
并	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
缔	O	O
约	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
履	O	O
约	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
在	O	O
军	O	O
控	O	O
和	O	O
裁	O	O
军	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
是	O	O
冷	O	O
战	O	O
后	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
边	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
军	O	O
控	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
储	O	O
存	O	O
和	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
在	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
生	O	O
效	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

禁	O	O
止	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
军	O	O
控	O	O
与	O	O
裁	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
百	O	O
余	O	O
年	O	O
艰	O	O
难	O	O
、	O	O
曲	O	O
折	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
些	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
法	O	O
案	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
宪	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
直	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
于	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
爱	E-LOC	E-LOC
独	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
芬	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
爱	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
八	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
爱	E-LOC	E-LOC
实	O	O
行	O	O
非	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
化	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
朝	O	O
一	O	O
夕	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
边	O	O
界	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
着	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
宁	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
能	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
在	O	O
与	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
穆	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
新	O	O
开	B-LOC	O
罗	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
和	B-LOC	O
平	I-LOC	O
宫	E-LOC	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
后	O	O
直	O	O
奔	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
朱	B-PER	B-PER
梦	I-PER	I-PER
魁	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
胡	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
对	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
短	O	O
暂	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
宇	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
将	O	O
登	O	O
上	O	O
火	B-LOC	O
星	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
大	O	O
约	O	O
在	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
曾	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
波	I-LOC	I-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
登	O	O
月	S-LOC	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
汉	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
祝	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
昌	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
官	O	B-PER
朴	B-PER	I-PER
定	I-PER	I-PER
洙	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
拜	O	O
会	O	O
了	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
常	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

两	O	O
国	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
议	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
互	O	O
访	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
两	O	O
大	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
在	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
抽	O	O
样	O	O
测	O	O
算	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
获	O	O
得	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
基	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
州	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
；	O	O
基	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
得	O	O
票	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
次	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
。	O	O

被	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
银	B-ORG	O
行	I-ORG	O
局	E-ORG	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
官	B-PER	O
杉	I-PER	O
井	E-PER	O
被	O	O
停	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
证	B-ORG	B-ORG
券	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
局	O	O
长	O	O
长	B-PER	O
野	E-PER	O
被	O	O
减	O	O
薪	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
人	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
处	O	O
分	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
向	O	O
大	B-ORG	O
藏	E-ORG	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
提	O	O
交	O	O
了	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O

蒙	B-LOC	B-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
牧	O	O
业	O	O
存	O	O
栏	O	O
头	O	O
数	O	O
虽	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
畜	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
近	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
却	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O

造	O	O
成	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
下	O	O
滑	O	O
，	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
上	O	O
涨	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
、	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
等	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
威	O	O
信	O	O
也	O	O
随	O	O
之	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
。	O	O

特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
议	B-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
激	O	O
进	O	O
、	O	O
急	O	O
躁	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
精	O	O
简	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
未	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
属	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
大	O	O
增	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
无	O	O
大	O	O
起	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O

蒙	B-LOC	B-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
为	O	O
何	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
（	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
）	O	O

越	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
高	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
阮	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
灵	E-PER	E-PER
举	O	O
行	O	O
国	O	O
葬	O	O
。	O	O

基	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
延	I-PER	I-PER
科	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
同	O	O
杜	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	E-ORG	I-ORG
一	O	I-ORG
些	O	I-ORG
议	O	I-ORG
会	O	I-ORG
党	O	I-ORG
团	O	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
就	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
向	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
。	O	O

沙	B-PER	B-PER
祖	I-PER	I-PER
康	E-PER	E-PER
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
出	O	O
路	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
并	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
团	O	O
长	O	O
沙	B-PER	B-PER
祖	I-PER	I-PER
康	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
核	O	O
不	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
》	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
筹	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
贯	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
别	O	O
国	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
向	O	O
未	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

叶	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
圆	O	O
桌	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
给	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
带	O	O
来	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
杜	I-ORG	I-ORG
马	E-ORG	E-ORG
先	O	O
后	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
次	O	O
表	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
未	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O

叶	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
随	O	O
即	O	O
签	O	O
署	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
他	O	O
为	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
邦	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
韩	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
仍	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
不	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
力	O	O
所	O	O
能	O	O
及	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
核	O	O
爆	O	O
炸	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
火	O	O
足	O	O
足	O	O
燃	O	O
烧	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
架	O	O
米	O	O
—	O	O
8	O	O
直	O	O
升	O	O
机	O	O
在	O	O
抛	O	O
撒	O	O
灭	O	O
火	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
时	O	O
因	O	O
飞	O	O
行	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
低	O	O
而	O	O
坠	O	O
毁	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
有	O	O
安	B-PER	O
格	I-PER	O
里	I-PER	O
尼	E-PER	O
一	O	O
人	O	O
追	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
其	O	O
余	O	O
几	O	O
位	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
杜	B-PER	B-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
鲁	E-PER	E-PER
已	O	O
跑	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
司	B-ORG	O
法	I-ORG	O
宫	E-ORG	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
交	O	O
纳	O	O
一	O	O
笔	O	O
巨	O	O
额	O	O
保	O	O
释	O	O
金	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
拘	O	O
留	O	O
的	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
工	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O

瑞	B-ORG	B-ORG
士	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
已	O	O
于	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
以	S-LOC	S-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
是	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
治	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
恐	O	O
怖	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
后	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
。	O	O

克	B-LOC	B-ORG
罗	I-LOC	I-ORG
地	I-LOC	I-ORG
亚	E-LOC	I-ORG
首	O	I-ORG
都	O	I-ORG
萨	B-ORG	I-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
勒	I-ORG	I-ORG
布	I-ORG	I-ORG
地	I-ORG	I-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
指	O	O
控	O	O
沙	B-PER	B-PER
基	I-PER	I-PER
奇	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
犯	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
侵	O	O
犯	O	O
人	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
罪	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
于	O	O
本	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
逮	O	O
捕	O	O
令	O	O
。	O	O

哈	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
米	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
二	O	O
战	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
弹	O	O
袭	O	O
击	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
长	B-LOC	O
崎	E-LOC	B-PER
永	O	I-PER
远	O	E-PER
是	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
记	O	O
忆	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
痛	O	O
苦	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
永	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

基	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
延	I-PER	I-PER
科	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
？	O	O

据	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
解	O	O
散	O	O
杜	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
对	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	E-ORG	I-ORG
和	O	I-ORG
“	B-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
博	I-ORG	I-ORG
卢	I-ORG	I-ORG
”	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
估	O	O
计	O	O
在	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
新	O	O
选	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
杜	B-ORG	O
马	E-ORG	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O

显	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
决	O	O
前	O	O
各	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
团	O	O
对	O	O
表	O	O
决	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
弊	O	O
权	O	O
衡	O	O
。	O	O

阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
富	I-LOC	I-LOC
汗	E-LOC	E-LOC
双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
就	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
点	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
：	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
将	O	O
由	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
担	O	O
任	O	O
；	O	O
本	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
为	O	O
3	O	O
天	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
不	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
5	O	O
天	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
由	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O

联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
代	O	O
表	O	O
高	B-PER	O
比	E-PER	O
、	O	O
伊	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
议	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
代	O	O
表	O	O
贝	B-PER	B-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
东	O	O
道	O	O
国	O	O
、	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
古	B-PER	B-PER
哈	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
阿	I-PER	I-PER
尤	I-PER	I-PER
布	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
汗	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-ORG
朗	E-LOC	E-ORG
、	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
驻	O	O
巴	S-LOC	O
使	O	O
节	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
行	O	O
将	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
对	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
历	O	O
时	O	O
5	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
大	B-LOC	O
阪	E-LOC	O
乘	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
去	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O

相	O	O
信	O	O
兵	B-LOC	B-LOC
库	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
神	B-LOC	B-LOC
户	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
新	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
会	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
极	O	O
为	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
和	O	O
同	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
兵	B-LOC	B-LOC
库	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
知	O	O
事	O	O
贝	B-PER	B-PER
原	I-PER	I-PER
俊	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
阪	S-LOC	O
神	S-LOC	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
震	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
兵	B-LOC	B-LOC
库	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
有	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
、	O	O
印	O	O
染	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
等	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

龙	B-ORG	O
翔	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
公	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
县	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
县	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
龙	B-ORG	O
翔	E-ORG	O
为	O	O
龙	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
农	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
联	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
举	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
之	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
生	O	O
猪	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
是	O	O
买	O	O
方	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
洗	O	O
净	O	O
泥	O	O
土	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
要	O	O
分	O	O
拣	O	O
、	O	O
去	O	O
皮	O	O
、	O	O
讲	O	O
究	O	O
包	O	O
装	O	O
、	O	O
送	O	O
货	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
、	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
吃	O	O
萝	O	O
卜	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
吃	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
的	O	O
萝	O	O
卜	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
从	O	O
源	O	O
头	O	O
抓	O	O
起	O	O
去	O	O
改	O	O
良	O	O
萝	O	O
卜	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
搞	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
找	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
就	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
。	O	O

广	O	O
大	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
要	O	O
再	O	O
造	O	O
昔	O	O
日	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
。	O	O

虽	O	O
然	O	O
选	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
领	O	O
取	O	O
选	O	O
票	O	O
前	O	O
出	O	O
示	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
证	O	O
等	O	O
程	O	O
序	O	O
仍	O	O
是	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
员	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
初	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
喀	B-LOC	B-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
在	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
签	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
广	I-ORG	I-ORG
播	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
《	O	O
从	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
股	O	O
市	O	O
狂	O	O
飙	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
闻	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
《	O	O
为	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
件	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
奖	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
届	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
奖	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
家	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
篇	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
参	O	O
评	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
贝	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
格	I-LOC	I-LOC
莱	I-LOC	I-LOC
德	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
据	O	O
普	B-ORG	B-ORG
里	I-ORG	I-ORG
什	I-ORG	I-ORG
蒂	I-ORG	I-ORG
纳	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
闻	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
援	O	O
引	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
夫	E-LOC	E-LOC
军	O	O
方	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
南	S-LOC	S-LOC
阿	S-LOC	S-LOC
边	O	O
境	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
间	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
底	O	O
访	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
从	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
为	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
建	O	O
设	O	O
性	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
框	O	O
架	O	O
已	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
访	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
无	O	O
疑	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
架	O	O
构	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
摇	O	O
摆	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
同	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
保	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
”	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
要	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
特	O	O
性	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
塑	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
者	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
新	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
当	O	O
政	O	O
者	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
“	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
抵	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
威	O	O
胁	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
冷	O	O
静	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
待	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
把	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
对	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
创	O	O
造	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

联	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
喧	O	O
嚣	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
威	O	O
胁	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
即	O	O
将	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
的	O	O
谬	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
巨	O	O
龙	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
舆	O	O
论	O	O
界	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
理	O	O
智	O	O
地	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
双	O	O
方	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
和	O	O
接	O	O
触	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
版	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
著	O	O
《	O	O
巨	O	O
龙	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
双	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
把	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
带	O	O
入	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
。	O	O

胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
新	B-ORG	O
大	I-ORG	O
谷	I-ORG	O
饭	I-ORG	O
店	E-ORG	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
青	O	O
年	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

池	B-PER	B-PER
田	I-PER	I-PER
大	I-PER	I-PER
作	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
如	O	O
既	O	O
往	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
世	O	O
代	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
不	O	O
渝	O	O
地	O	O
奉	O	O
行	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
同	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
共	O	O
处	O	O
五	O	O
项	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
睦	O	O
邻	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
边	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
和	O	O
铭	O	O
记	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
友	O	O
好	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
又	O	O
缔	O	O
结	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
和	O	O
平	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O

胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
追	O	O
溯	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
友	O	O
好	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
份	O	O
。	O	O

宽	O	O
敞	O	O
明	O	O
亮	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
台	O	O
前	O	O
调	O	O
试	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
切	B-ORG	B-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
诺	I-ORG	I-ORG
贝	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
核	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
站	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
兑	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
也	O	O
将	O	O
取	O	O
消	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

帕	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
申	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
“	O	O
石	O	O
棺	O	O
”	O	O
所	O	O
需	O	O
的	O	O
7	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
号	O	O
、	O	O
2	O	O
号	O	O
、	O	O
3	O	O
号	O	O
和	O	O
4	O	O
号	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
并	O	O
网	O	O
发	O	O
电	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
二	O	O
楼	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
室	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
致	O	O
模	O	O
型	O	O
和	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
才	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
看	O	O
清	O	O
电	O	O
站	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
。	O	O

尤	B-PER	B-PER
金	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
泰	I-PER	I-PER
恩	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
应	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
曼	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
拉	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
葬	O	O
礼	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
半	O	O
岁	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
的	O	O
葬	O	O
礼	O	O
在	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	E-LOC	I-LOC
伯	B-LOC	I-LOC
诺	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
脱	I-LOC	I-LOC
维	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
如	O	O
不	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
可	O	O
能	O	O
对	O	O
爱	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
立	B-LOC	B-ORG
陶	I-LOC	I-ORG
宛	E-LOC	E-ORG
也	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
拉	S-LOC	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
冷	O	O
淡	O	O
，	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
言	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
拉	S-LOC	O
早	O	O
该	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
，	O	O
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
现	O	O
在	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
口	O	O
头	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
奥	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
布	I-PER	I-PER
赖	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
分	O	O
别	O	O
致	O	O
信	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
脱	I-LOC	I-LOC
维	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
乌	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
普	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
科	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
克	O	O
制	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
此	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
恩	B-PER	B-PER
赫	I-PER	I-PER
赛	I-PER	I-PER
汗	E-PER	E-PER
政	O	O
府	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
请	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
蒙	B-ORG	B-ORG
古	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
社	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
分	O	O
别	O	O
开	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
恩	B-PER	B-PER
赫	I-PER	I-PER
赛	I-PER	I-PER
汗	E-PER	E-PER
政	O	O
府	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
由	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
呼	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
民	B-ORG	B-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
社	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
“	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	I-ORG	E-ORG
”	E-ORG	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
以	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
呼	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
巩	O	O
固	O	O
议	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
政	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
性	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

阿	O	B-LOC
拉	O	I-LOC
伯	O	E-LOC
舆	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
多	O	O
于	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
比	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
一	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
以	S-LOC	S-LOC
谈	O	O
判	O	O
止	O	O
步	O	O
不	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
岸	E-LOC	E-LOC
撤	O	O
军	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

布	B-PER	B-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
期	O	O
间	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
让	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
勒	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

库	B-PER	B-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
代	O	O
表	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
伯	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
得	O	O
罪	O	O
了	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
库	B-PER	O
克	E-PER	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
未	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
最	O	O
引	O	O
人	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
桥	B-PER	O
本	E-PER	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

日	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
佳	O	O
话	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
宜	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
尽	O	O
力	O	O
为	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
非	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
营	O	O
造	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O

俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
双	O	O
方	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
都	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
施	B-PER	B-PER
勒	I-PER	I-PER
格	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
票	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
蒂	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
得	O	O
票	O	O
遥	O	O
遥	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
票	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
6	O	O
3	O	O
·	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
4	O	O
位	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
得	O	O
票	O	O
率	O	O
均	O	O
未	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

土	S-LOC	O
以	S-LOC	O
将	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
中	O	O
程	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
据	O	O
《	B-ORG	O
土	I-ORG	B-ORG
耳	I-ORG	I-ORG
其	I-ORG	I-ORG
每	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
闻	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	E-ORG
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
土	B-LOC	B-LOC
耳	I-LOC	I-LOC
其	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
以	B-LOC	B-LOC
色	I-LOC	I-LOC
列	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
射	O	O
程	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
程	O	O
防	O	O
空	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
。	O	O

美	S-LOC	S-LOC
将	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
与	O	O
埃	S-LOC	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
科	B-PER	B-PER
恩	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
同	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
对	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
援	O	O
助	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
和	O	O
美	S-LOC	B-ORG
埃	S-LOC	I-ORG
联	O	I-ORG
合	O	I-ORG
军	O	E-ORG
事	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-PER	B-PER
嘎	I-PER	I-PER
班	I-PER	I-PER
迪	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
已	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
关	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
辞	O	O
职	O	O
一	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
恩	B-PER	B-PER
赫	I-PER	I-PER
赛	I-PER	I-PER
汗	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
便	O	O
向	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
巴	B-PER	B-PER
嘎	I-PER	I-PER
班	I-PER	I-PER
迪	E-PER	E-PER
作	O	O
了	O	O
通	O	O
报	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
年	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
赫	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
托	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
在	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
被	O	O
打	O	O
死	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
对	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
关	I-ORG	I-ORG
系	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
主	O	O
任	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
伯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
曼	I-PER	I-PER
宁	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
华	B-ORG	B-ORG
盛	I-ORG	I-ORG
顿	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
战	I-ORG	I-ORG
略	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
所	O	O
长	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
泰	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
蓝	B-PER	O
笛	E-PER	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
起	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	I-ORG	I-ORG
股	I-ORG	I-ORG
票	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
访	O	O
问	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
白	B-ORG	B-ORG
宫	E-ORG	E-ORG
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
格	E-PER	E-PER
参	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
前	O	B-ORG
美	B-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
兰	B-PER	B-PER
普	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
或	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
听	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
或	O	O
相	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O

几	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
绍	E-LOC	E-LOC
这	O	O
场	O	O
战	O	O
乱	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
前	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
总	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
长	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
内	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
叛	O	O
军	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
发	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

迪	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
总	O	O
裁	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
军	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
向	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
悠	O	O
久	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
和	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
遗	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
莫	B-PER	B-PER
迪	I-PER	I-PER
凯	E-PER	E-PER
与	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
内	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
胡	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
基	B-ORG	B-ORG
础	I-ORG	I-ORG
设	I-ORG	I-ORG
施	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
沙	B-PER	B-PER
龙	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
相	O	O
左	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
使	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
。	O	O

声	O	O
明	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
坚	O	O
决	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
独	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
位	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

卢	B-LOC	B-LOC
森	I-LOC	I-LOC
堡	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
公	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
、	O	O
摄	O	O
政	O	O
官	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
储	O	O
亨	B-PER	B-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
亲	O	O
王	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
姜	B-PER	B-PER
春	I-PER	I-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
不	O	O
无	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
呈	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
和	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
“	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
”	O	O
的	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
和	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
还	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
出	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
倾	O	O
向	O	O
：	O	O

公	O	O
开	O	O
信	O	O
还	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

安	B-PER	B-PER
瓦	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
吉	B-LOC	B-LOC
隆	I-LOC	I-LOC
坡	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
来	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
—	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
商	O	O
务	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
元	O	O
下	O	O
跌	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
局	O	O
动	O	O
荡	O	O
的	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
影	O	O
响	O	O
尤	O	O
为	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
地	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
那	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
巴	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
纳	B-PER	B-PER
诺	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
瑞	B-LOC	B-LOC
典	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
防	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
叙	B-PER	O
多	E-PER	O
时	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
干	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
空	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
演	O	O
习	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
巴	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
可	O	O
以	O	O
向	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
供	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
希	O	O
望	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
同	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
夫	I-LOC	I-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
盟	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
米	B-PER	B-PER
洛	I-PER	I-PER
舍	I-PER	I-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
奇	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
能	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
危	O	O
机	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O

霍	B-PER	B-PER
华	I-PER	I-PER
德	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
访	O	O
澳	S-LOC	S-LOC
必	O	O
将	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
、	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
彼	O	O
此	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
末	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
踏	O	O
上	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
诱	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
悉	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
与	I-ORG	I-ORG
旅	I-ORG	I-ORG
游	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
安	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
鲁	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
汤	I-PER	I-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-ORG	B-ORG
度	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
政	O	O
府	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
与	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
与	O	O
愿	O	O
违	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
瓦	B-PER	B-PER
杰	I-PER	I-PER
帕	I-PER	I-PER
伊	E-PER	E-PER
政	O	O
府	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
与	O	O
在	O	O
野	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
及	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
内	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
均	O	O
在	O	O
激	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
困	O	O
。	O	O

戴	B-PER	B-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
应	O	O
该	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
惠	O	O
国	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
永	O	O
久	O	O
性	O	O
最	O	O
惠	O	O
国	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
加	O	O
入	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
南	O	O
北	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
由	O	O
当	O	O
事	O	O
者	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
四	O	O
方	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
后	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
到	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
投	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
其	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
筹	O	O
备	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
起	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
享	O	O
有	O	O
与	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
将	O	O
从	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
上	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
赚	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
出	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
购	O	O
置	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O

沃	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
丹	I-PER	I-PER
塞	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
与	O	O
穆	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
会	O	O
见	O	O
后	O	O
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
穆	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
已	O	O
经	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
，	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
尽	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
劝	O	O
说	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	I-LOC	I-LOC
俄	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
早	O	O
日	O	O
与	O	O
厄	B-LOC	B-LOC
立	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
停	O	O
火	O	O
并	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

穆	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
厄	S-LOC	O
、	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	E-LOC	E-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
就	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
争	O	O
端	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
空	O	O
袭	O	O
的	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
同	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	I-LOC	I-LOC
俄	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
厄	B-LOC	B-LOC
立	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
通	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-PER	B-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
勒	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	E-LOC	E-LOC
现	O	O
在	O	O
比	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
都	O	O
更	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
于	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
隧	O	O
道	O	O
尽	O	O
头	O	O
的	O	O
亮	O	O
光	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	I-LOC	I-LOC
海	I-LOC	I-LOC
峡	I-LOC	I-LOC
两	I-LOC	I-LOC
岸	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
在	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
同	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
善	O	O
谋	O	O
对	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
无	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
而	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
源	O	O
源	O	O
涌	O	O
入	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

那	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
中	O	O
伤	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
宣	O	O
扬	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
威	O	O
胁	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
是	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
自	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
足	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
户	O	O
便	O	O
知	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
事	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
炒	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
是	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
知	O	O
或	O	O
狭	O	O
隘	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
图	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
客	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
。	O	O

奥	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
布	I-PER	I-PER
赖	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
日	O	O
前	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
不	O	O
想	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
武	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
迫	O	O
使	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
夫	E-LOC	E-LOC
当	O	O
局	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
让	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
停	O	O
火	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
清	O	O
洗	O	O
”	O	O
一	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
难	O	O
民	O	O
潮	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
士	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
将	O	O
迫	O	O
使	O	O
南	S-LOC	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
“	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
清	O	O
洗	O	O
”	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
阻	O	O
止	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
。	O	O

双	O	O
方	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
里	O	O
取	O	O
长	O	O
补	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
扩	O	O
展	O	O
后	O	O
同	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
最	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
让	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
参	O	O
与	O	O
构	O	O
筑	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
陆	O	O
的	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
旦	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
达	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
借	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
演	O	O
习	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
局	O	O
势	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
在	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
巴	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
其	I-LOC	I-LOC
顿	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
代	O	O
号	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
猎	O	O
鹰	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
空	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
演	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
干	I-LOC	I-LOC
半	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
空	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
演	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
莱	B-PER	B-PER
伊	I-PER	I-PER
蒂	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
卡	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
中	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-LOC
非	I-ORG	E-LOC
经	I-ORG	O
济	I-ORG	O
共	I-ORG	O
同	I-ORG	O
体	E-ORG	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
几	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
绍	E-LOC	E-LOC
内	O	O
部	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
个	O	O
个	O	O
拖	O	O
着	O	O
疲	O	O
惫	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
躯	O	O
，	O	O
携	O	O
儿	O	O
带	O	O
女	O	O
，	O	O
焦	O	O
急	O	O
地	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
着	O	O
亲	O	O
朋	O	O
好	O	O
友	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
泰	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	O
部	O	O
肃	O	O
毒	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
在	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
邦	I-LOC	E-LOC
府	E-LOC	O
破	O	O
获	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
获	O	O
疯	O	O
药	O	O
（	O	O
又	O	O
叫	O	O
安	O	O
非	O	O
他	O	O
明	O	O
）	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
粒	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
约	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
铢	O	O
（	O	O
约	O	O
合	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O

声	O	O
明	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
动	O	O
摇	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
主	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
来	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O

声	O	O
明	O	O
对	O	O
8	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
暂	O	O
停	O	O
向	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
放	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
遗	O	O
憾	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
强	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
干	O	O
涉	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
非	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

来	O	O
自	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
驻	I-ORG	O
南	I-ORG	B-ORG
非	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
使	I-ORG	I-ORG
馆	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
访	O	O
问	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
比	O	O
建	O	O
交	O	O
前	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
地	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
一	O	O
提	O	O
起	O	O
这	O	O
批	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
万	O	O
分	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
叫	O	O
做	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	I-LOC	E-LOC
村	E-LOC	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
普	I-LOC	I-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
加	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
巢	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
承	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
套	O	O
安	O	O
居	O	O
房	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
该	O	O
省	O	O
住	B-ORG	O
房	I-ORG	O
厅	E-ORG	O
长	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
团	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
例	O	O
如	O	O
核	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
都	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
如	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

拉	B-PER	B-PER
莫	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
派	O	O
特	O	O
使	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
菲	S-LOC	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
庆	O	O
典	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
衷	O	O
心	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
请	O	O
谢	B-PER	O
非	E-PER	O
转	O	O
达	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
问	O	O
候	O	O
和	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
祝	O	O
愿	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
国	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
着	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
势	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
用	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
火	O	O
箭	O	O
发	O	O
射	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
卫	O	O
星	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
况	O	O
且	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
沿	O	O
袭	O	O
布	B-PER	O
什	E-PER	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
贬	O	O
低	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
威	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
贬	O	O
低	O	O
了	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
声	O	O
誉	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
加	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
福	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
授	O	O
汤	B-PER	B-PER
姆	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
布	I-PER	I-PER
莱	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
《	O	O
洛	B-ORG	B-ORG
杉	I-ORG	I-ORG
矶	I-ORG	I-ORG
时	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	E-ORG
》	O	O
上	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
共	B-ORG	B-ORG
和	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
人	O	O
试	O	O
图	O	O
在	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
政	O	O
策	O	O
上	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
分	O	O
裂	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

仅	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
就	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
和	O	O
减	O	O
费	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
市	O	O
已	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
户	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
减	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
4	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
兼	O	O
并	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
减	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
效	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

三	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
共	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
市	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
纵	O	O
横	O	O
交	O	O
错	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
条	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
链	O	O
。	O	O

太	B-LOC	B-LOC
原	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
老	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
近	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
到	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
深	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
可	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
农	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
卖	O	O
难	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
丰	O	O
产	O	O
丰	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
将	O	O
农	O	O
副	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
分	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
稍	O	O
差	O	O
的	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
以	O	O
劣	O	O
充	O	O
优	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
优	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
以	O	O
销	O	O
促	O	O
产	O	O
、	O	O
以	O	O
工	O	O
保	O	O
农	O	O
，	O	O
环	O	O
环	O	O
相	O	O
扣	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
偏	O	O
颇	O	O
。	O	O

旅	O	O
游	O	O
业	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
被	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
朝	O	O
阳	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
强	O	O
劲	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
窄	O	O
口	O	O
径	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
貌	O	O
和	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
为	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
非	O	O
公	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
从	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
与	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
并	O	O
重	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O

要	O	O
从	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
收	O	O
支	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
全	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O

这	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
已	O	O
从	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
对	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
克	B-LOC	B-LOC
什	I-LOC	I-LOC
米	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
？	O	O

编	O	O
辑	O	O
：	O	O
由	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
挑	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
使	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
当	O	O
务	O	O
之	O	O
急	O	O
是	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
双	O	O
方	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
冷	O	O
静	O	O
与	O	O
克	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
月	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
5	O	O
个	O	O
常	O	O
任	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
在	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瓦	E-LOC	E-LOC
讨	O	O
论	O	O
了	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
局	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
全	O	O
体	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
2	O	O
号	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
？	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
编	O	O
辑	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
迎	I-PER	I-PER
春	E-PER	E-PER
本	O	O
报	O	O
驻	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
记	O	O
者	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
云	E-PER	E-PER

他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
最	O	O
短	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
把	O	O
新	O	O
都	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
哈	S-LOC	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
欧	S-LOC	B-LOC
亚	S-LOC	I-LOC
大	O	I-LOC
陆	O	E-LOC
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

罗	B-PER	B-PER
干	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
对	O	O
玻	B-LOC	B-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
维	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
坚	O	O
持	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
赞	O	O
赏	O	O
。	O	O

埃	S-LOC	S-LOC
厄	S-LOC	S-LOC
冲	O	O
突	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
吉	B-LOC	O
布	I-LOC	O
提	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
卢	B-LOC	B-LOC
旺	I-LOC	I-LOC
达	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
及	O	O
非	B-ORG	B-ORG
统	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
均	O	O
居	O	O
中	O	O
斡	O	O
旋	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
消	O	O
灭	O	O
或	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
泛	O	O
滥	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
益	O	O
泛	O	O
滥	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
和	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
率	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
扰	O	O
乱	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
。	O	O

厄	S-LOC	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
从	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
口	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
向	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	E-LOC	E-LOC
提	O	O
供	O	O
港	O	O
口	O	O
便	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
关	O	O
闭	O	O
了	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
炼	O	O
油	O	O
厂	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	I-LOC	I-LOC
俄	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
不	O	O
满	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
厄	S-LOC	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
想	O	O
多	O	O
吸	O	O
收	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
了	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
塞	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
核	O	O
军	O	O
备	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
和	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
核	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
理	O	O
应	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
不	O	O
对	O	O
无	O	O
核	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
或	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
。	O	O

舆	O	O
论	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
干	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
仍	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	I-LOC	I-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
还	O	O
一	O	O
并	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
干	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
实	O	O
业	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
商	O	O
人	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
了	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
巴	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
指	O	O
责	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
夫	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
种	O	O
族	O	O
清	O	O
洗	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
和	O	O
驱	O	O
逐	O	O
”	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
阿	O	O
族	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O

冷	O	O
战	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
干	E-LOC	E-LOC
结	O	O
束	O	O
了	O	O
被	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
分	O	O
割	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
及	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
同	O	O
并	O	O
未	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
契	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
干	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	I-LOC	I-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
安	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
立	O	O
案	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
府	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
闻	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
官	O	O
员	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
此	O	O
项	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
侦	O	O
查	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
邦	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
总	B-ORG	B-ORG
检	I-ORG	I-ORG
察	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
联	O	O
手	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
德	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
理	O	O
科	B-PER	B-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
（	O	O
右	O	O
）	O	O
在	O	O
波	B-LOC	B-LOC
恩	I-LOC	I-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
邦	I-LOC	I-LOC
总	I-LOC	I-LOC
理	I-LOC	I-LOC
府	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
利	I-PER	I-PER
钦	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

他	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
派	O	O
出	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
团	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
透	O	O
过	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
去	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
利	O	O
害	O	O
相	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
有	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
在	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
加	O	O
入	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
方	O	O
面	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
商	O	O
品	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
核	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
卓	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
访	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
布	I-PER	I-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
卡	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
出	O	O
任	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
元	O	O
首	O	O
是	O	O
尼	S-LOC	B-ORG
最	O	I-ORG
高	O	I-ORG
权	O	I-ORG
力	O	I-ORG
机	O	I-ORG
构	O	I-ORG
临	B-ORG	I-ORG
时	I-ORG	I-ORG
执	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
经	O	O
过	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
早	O	O
晨	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

阿	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
查	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
玛	B-PER	B-PER
丽	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
姆	E-PER	E-PER
及	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
尼	S-LOC	B-ORG
最	O	I-ORG
高	O	I-ORG
权	O	I-ORG
力	O	I-ORG
机	O	I-ORG
构	O	I-ORG
临	B-ORG	I-ORG
时	I-ORG	I-ORG
执	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
全	O	O
体	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
领	O	O
袖	O	O
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
葬	O	O
礼	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
遗	O	O
体	O	O
由	O	O
专	O	O
机	O	O
运	O	O
抵	O	O
卡	B-LOC	O
诺	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
育	O	O
场	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
祈	O	O
祷	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

阿	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
查	E-PER	E-PER
1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
9	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
卡	B-LOC	B-LOC
诺	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

尼	B-LOC	B-LOC
日	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
家	O	O
元	O	O
首	O	O
阿	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
查	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
军	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
清	O	O
晨	O	O
在	O	O
首	O	O
都	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
贾	E-LOC	E-LOC
逝	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O

科	B-PER	B-PER
恩	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
线	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
闻	I-ORG	I-ORG
广	I-ORG	I-ORG
播	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
有	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
不	O	O
等	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
事	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

罗	B-PER	B-PER
干	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
消	O	O
除	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
祸	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
伊	O	O
斯	O	O
兰	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
后	O	O
首	O	O
例	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
官	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

几	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	I-LOC	I-LOC
绍	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
忠	O	O
于	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
已	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
住	O	O
了	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
呆	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

叛	O	O
军	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
仍	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
着	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
军	O	O
营	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
名	O	O
厄	S-LOC	O
外	O	O
交	O	O
官	O	O
离	O	B-PER
埃	B-LOC	I-PER
塞	E-LOC	E-PER
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
1	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O

声	O	O
明	O	O
还	O	O
对	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
决	O	O
议	O	O
未	O	O
能	O	O
“	O	O
恰	O	O
当	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
”	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
与	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
克	B-LOC	B-LOC
什	I-LOC	I-LOC
米	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
“	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
遗	O	O
憾	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
中	O	O
还	O	O
对	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
决	O	O
议	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
克	B-LOC	B-LOC
什	I-LOC	I-LOC
米	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
抨	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
称	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
无	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
本	O	O
社	O	O
驻	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
德	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
堡	E-LOC	E-LOC
记	O	O
者	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
要	O	O
求	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
停	O	O
止	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
同	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
于	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
对	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
所	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
灾	O	O
难	O	O
性	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
次	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
由	O	O
墨	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
哥	E-LOC	E-LOC
倡	O	O
议	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
响	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O

欧	O	O
元	O	O
启	O	O
用	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
上	O	O
述	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
再	O	O
行	O	O
得	O	O
通	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

欧	O	O
元	O	O
启	O	O
用	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
资	O	O
本	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
将	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
同	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
资	O	O
本	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
相	O	O
匹	O	O
敌	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
之	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
对	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
者	O	O
更	O	O
具	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

欧	O	O
元	O	O
启	O	O
动	O	O
与	O	O
欧	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
（	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
）	O	O

金	B-PER	B-PER
大	I-PER	I-PER
中	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
将	O	O
会	O	O
见	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
货	I-ORG	I-ORG
币	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
裁	O	O
康	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
苏	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
世	B-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
裁	O	O
沃	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
芬	I-PER	I-PER
森	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
及	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
财	O	O
经	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
说	O	O
服	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
对	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
韩	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
尽	O	O
快	O	O
摆	O	O
脱	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

斯	B-PER	B-PER
卡	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
法	I-PER	I-PER
罗	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
正	O	O
是	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O

托	B-PER	O
娅	E-PER	O
副	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
货	O	O
币	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
贬	O	O
值	O	O
，	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
信	O	O
誉	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
公	B-ORG	O
司	E-ORG	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
肉	O	O
鸡	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
几	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
肉	O	O
鸡	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
鸡	O	O
场	O	O
饲	O	O
养	O	O
着	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
套	O	O
蛋	O	O
种	O	O
鸡	O	O
和	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
套	O	O
肉	O	O
种	O	O
鸡	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
荷	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O

安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
要	O	O
求	O	O
安	B-LOC	B-LOC
哥	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
关	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
采	O	O
取	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
无	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
地	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
安	B-LOC	B-LOC
哥	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
平	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
要	O	O
求	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
到	O	O
塞	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
昂	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
塞	S-LOC	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
边	O	O
境	O	O
口	O	O
岸	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
该	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
塞	S-LOC	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
定	O	O
期	O	O
向	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
汇	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
防	O	O
进	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
落	O	O
入	O	O
前	O	O
军	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
反	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
我	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
和	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
再	O	O
生	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

安	B-PER	B-PER
南	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
天	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
就	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
并	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
谴	O	O
责	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
上	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

秦	B-PER	B-PER
华	I-PER	I-PER
孙	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
应	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
和	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
常	O	O
驻	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
代	O	O
表	O	O
秦	B-PER	B-PER
华	I-PER	I-PER
孙	E-PER	E-PER
大	O	O
使	O	O
在	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
不	O	O
顾	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
和	O	O
抗	O	O
议	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
次	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
局	O	O
势	O	O
骤	O	O
然	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
征	O	O
服	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
征	O	O
服	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
有	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
凭	O	O
的	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
新	E-PER	E-PER
被	O	O
破	O	O
格	O	O
录	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
一	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
老	O	O
爷	O	O
们	O	O
得	O	O
让	O	O
妻	O	O
子	O	O
养	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
新	E-PER	E-PER
闷	O	O
在	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
水	O	O
直	O	O
往	O	O
嗓	O	O
子	O	O
眼	O	O
上	O	O
冒	O	O
。	O	O

厂	O	O
里	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
过	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
洽	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
都	O	O
因	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
能	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
合	O	O
适	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
待	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

田	B-PER	B-PER
春	I-PER	I-PER
美	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
村	O	O
子	O	O
对	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
心	O	O
想	O	O
坦	O	O
然	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
死	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
田	B-PER	B-PER
春	I-PER	I-PER
美	E-PER	E-PER
收	O	O
拾	O	O
好	O	O
行	O	O
装	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
老	O	O
家	O	O
沂	B-LOC	B-LOC
蒙	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
区	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O

接	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
她	O	O
小	O	O
几	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
与	O	O
她	O	O
离	O	O
了	O	O
婚	O	O
；	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
让	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
将	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
和	O	O
房	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
留	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
则	O	O
租	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
街	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
窝	O	O
棚	O	O
栖	O	O
身	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
设	O	O
身	O	O
处	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
着	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
“	B-ORG	O
红	I-ORG	B-ORG
双	I-ORG	I-ORG
喜	I-ORG	I-ORG
”	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
不	O	O
仅	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
滚	O	O
滚	O	O
财	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
声	O	O
誉	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
对	O	O
把	O	O
婚	O	O
礼	O	O
交	O	O
给	O	O
“	B-ORG	O
红	I-ORG	B-ORG
双	I-ORG	I-ORG
喜	I-ORG	I-ORG
”	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
承	O	O
办	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
放	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
骄	O	O
傲	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
厂	O	O
里	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
是	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
肠	O	O
的	O	O
婚	O	O
礼	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
她	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
然	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
她	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

困	O	O
境	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
夫	O	O
妻	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
叫	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
宽	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
叫	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O

晚	O	O
上	O	O
她	O	O
来	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
跟	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
打	O	O
招	O	O
呼	O	O
又	O	O
忙	O	O
着	O	O
赶	O	O
夜	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
深	O	O
夜	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
点	O	O
才	O	O
收	O	O
摊	O	O
。	O	O

周	O	O
到	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
使	O	O
她	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
信	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

开	O	O
店	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
就	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
着	O	O
在	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
躲	O	O
债	O	O
，	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
心	I-PER	I-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
每	O	O
天	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
点	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
才	O	O
敢	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
历	O	O
尽	O	O
千	O	O
辛	O	O
万	O	O
苦	O	O
办	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
容	O	O
厅	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
她	O	O
不	O	O
善	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
而	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
倒	O	O
闭	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
拿	O	O
出	O	O
仅	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
两	O	O
千	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
美	O	O
容	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
交	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
费	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
更	O	O
激	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
心	I-PER	I-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
不	O	O
服	O	O
输	O	O
的	O	O
劲	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
拘	O	O
留	O	O
所	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
日	O	O
夜	O	O
夜	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
善	O	O
良	O	O
的	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
心	I-PER	I-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
几	O	O
乎	O	O
天	O	O
天	O	O
以	O	O
泪	O	O
洗	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
总	O	O
算	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
私	O	O
人	O	O
诊	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
做	O	O
护	O	O
士	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
月	O	O
薪	O	O
六	O	O
百	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

已	O	O
是	O	O
夜	O	O
里	O	O
十	O	O
点	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
心	I-PER	I-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
伫	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
灰	O	O
色	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
护	O	O
栏	O	O
旁	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
呆	O	O
滞	O	O
而	O	O
茫	O	O
然	O	O
。	O	O

走	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
天	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
纪	O	O
事	O	O
（	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
）	O	O

雌	O	O
花	O	O
圆	O	O
圆	O	O
地	O	O
鼓	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
颇	O	O
为	O	O
丰	O	O
满	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
心	O	O
微	O	O
微	O	O
凹	O	O
陷	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
瓣	O	O
拥	O	O
着	O	O
花	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
只	O	O
莲	O	O
花	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
不	O	O
想	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
谜	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
去	O	O
考	O	O
证	O	O
它	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
这	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
铁	O	O
树	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
花	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
含	O	O
羞	O	O
草	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
赤	B-LOC	B-LOC
道	E-LOC	E-LOC
却	O	O
是	O	O
含	O	O
羞	O	O
树	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
的	O	O
铮	O	O
铮	O	O
硬	O	O
骨	O	O
里	O	O
也	O	O
许	O	O
藏	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
颗	O	O
奇	O	O
伟	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

被	O	O
比	O	O
喻	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
喻	O	O
的	O	O
却	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
在	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

很	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
见	O	O
过	O	O
铁	O	O
树	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
很	O	O
早	O	O
就	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
那	O	O
众	O	O
所	O	O
周	O	O
知	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

烟	O	O
雨	O	O
迷	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
黛	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
树	O	O
冠	O	O
被	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
新	O	O
绿	O	O
濡	O	O
染	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
派	O	O
春	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
枯	O	O
涩	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
漫	O	O
长	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
的	O	O
梧	O	O
桐	O	O
树	O	O
丫	O	O
和	O	O
柳	O	O
条	O	O
因	O	O
新	O	O
绽	O	O
的	O	O
鹅	O	O
黄	O	O
、	O	O
浅	O	O
绿	O	O
而	O	O
妩	O	O
媚	O	O
温	O	O
柔	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
再	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
悄	O	O
然	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
力	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

不	O	O
经	O	O
意	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
叶	O	O
子	O	O
从	O	O
空	O	O
中	O	O
缓	O	O
缓	O	O
地	O	O
轻	O	O
轻	O	O
地	O	O
飘	O	O
落	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
我	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
和	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
更	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
酷	O	O
爱	O	O
天	O	O
空	O	O
和	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
：	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
研	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
放	O	O
射	O	O
性	O	O
废	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

上	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
及	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
太	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
非	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
性	O	O
开	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
钱	O	O
从	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
来	O	O
？	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
援	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
爆	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
战	O	O
争	O	O
及	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
必	O	O
须	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
在	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
驻	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

历	O	O
史	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
核	O	O
军	O	O
备	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
两	O	O
败	O	O
俱	O	O
伤	O	O
的	O	O
游	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
无	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
赢	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
《	I-ORG	I-ORG
消	I-ORG	I-ORG
息	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	I-ORG	E-ORG
》	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
性	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
核	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

以	B-ORG	O
国	I-ORG	B-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
莫	B-PER	B-PER
迪	I-PER	I-PER
凯	E-PER	E-PER
宣	O	O
布	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

联	O	O
合	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
左	O	O
、	O	O
右	O	O
派	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
轮	O	O
流	O	O
上	O	O
台	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
4	O	O
名	O	O
左	O	O
翼	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
总	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
撤	O	O
军	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
名	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
宗	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
右	O	O
翼	O	O
议	O	O
员	O	O
则	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
内	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
尼	I-PER	I-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
胡	E-PER	E-PER
接	O	O
受	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
方	O	O
案	O	O
在	O	O
约	B-LOC	B-LOC
旦	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
岸	E-LOC	E-LOC
向	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
归	O	O
还	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
盘	O	O
。	O	O

克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
奥	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
布	I-PER	I-PER
赖	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
助	O	O
理	O	O
伯	B-PER	B-PER
杰	E-PER	E-PER
就	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
分	O	O
别	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
局	O	O
势	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
3	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
白	B-ORG	B-ORG
宫	E-ORG	E-ORG
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瓦	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
个	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
常	O	O
任	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
长	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
从	O	O
核	O	O
军	O	O
备	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
退	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
动	O	O
飞	O	O
机	O	O
轰	O	O
炸	O	O
波	B-LOC	B-LOC
黑	E-LOC	E-LOC
塞	O	O
族	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
又	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
以	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
军	O	O
为	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
和	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
维	O	O
和	O	O
为	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
波	B-LOC	O
黑	E-LOC	O
及	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
干	E-LOC	E-LOC
其	O	O
他	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
那	O	O
里	O	O
当	O	O
作	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
转	O	O
换	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
亲	O	O
身	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
过	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
懂	O	O
得	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
与	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
含	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O

穆	B-PER	B-PER
巴	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
与	O	O
以	B-ORG	B-ORG
色	I-ORG	I-ORG
列	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
寻	O	O
求	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
。	O	O

俄	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
杜	I-ORG	I-ORG
马	E-ORG	E-ORG
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
俄	S-LOC	O
同	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
合	O	O
作	O	O
议	O	O
案	O	O

在	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
就	O	O
遣	O	O
返	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
通	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
航	O	O
空	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O

克	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
地	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
波	B-LOC	B-LOC
黑	E-LOC	E-LOC
塞	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
维	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
族	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
就	O	O
双	O	O
向	O	O
遣	O	O
返	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
文	O	O
化	O	O
周	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
驻	I-ORG	I-ORG
墨	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
哥	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
使	I-ORG	I-ORG
馆	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
墨	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
哥	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
立	I-ORG	I-ORG
自	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
天	O	O
对	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
事	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
创	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

米	B-PER	B-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
可	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
授	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
，	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

仍	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
维	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
占	O	O
6	O	O
次	O	O
居	O	O
首	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
4	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
分	O	O
别	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
次	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
被	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
是	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
维	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
谎	O	O
言	O	O
均	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
缅	B-LOC	B-LOC
甸	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
严	O	O
正	O	O
驳	O	O
斥	O	O
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
渲	O	O
染	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
摩	O	O
擦	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
从	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
到	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
都	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
前	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
顾	O	O
问	O	O
罗	B-PER	B-PER
伯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
麦	I-PER	I-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
法	I-PER	I-PER
兰	E-PER	E-PER
日	O	O
前	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
社	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
访	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
分	O	O
水	O	O
岭	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
此	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O

柬	B-ORG	B-ORG
宪	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
定	O	O
于	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
基	B-LOC	O
辅	E-LOC	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
乌	B-ORG	B-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
内	I-ORG	I-ORG
阁	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
日	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
精	O	O
简	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
裁	O	O
减	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

空	B-LOC	O
间	I-LOC	O
站	E-LOC	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
与	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
场	O	O
相	O	O
仿	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
舱	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
容	O	O
纳	O	O
6	O	O
名	O	O
宇	O	O
航	O	O
员	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

俄	S-LOC	S-LOC
发	O	O
展	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
重	O	O
塑	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
人	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
及	O	O
与	O	O
之	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
航	O	O
天	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
就	O	O
将	O	O
沦	O	O
为	O	O
无	O	O
足	O	O
轻	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
难	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
署	E-ORG	I-ORG
驻	O	I-ORG
阿	S-LOC	I-ORG
机	O	I-ORG
构	O	E-ORG
已	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
向	O	O
特	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
波	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
紧	O	O
急	O	O
运	O	O
送	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
救	O	O
援	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O

阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
巴	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
声	O	O
明	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
和	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
两	O	O
天	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
约	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
阿	O	O
族	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
涌	O	O
入	O	O
与	O	O
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
接	O	O
壤	O	O
的	O	O
阿	S-LOC	B-LOC
北	O	I-LOC
方	O	I-LOC
特	B-LOC	I-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
波	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
还	O	O
在	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
。	O	O

鲁	B-PER	B-PER
宾	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
“	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
桌	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
战	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
有	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
加	B-PER	B-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
亚	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
委	B-LOC	B-LOC
内	I-LOC	I-LOC
瑞	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	E-LOC	E-LOC
总	O	O
统	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
拉	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
期	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
图	O	O
片	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
自	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	O	O
幕	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
受	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
数	O	O
千	O	O
人	O	O
观	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
访	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
访	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
，	O	O
这	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
朝	O	O
向	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
迈	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
助	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
场	O	O
地	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
要	O	O
排	O	O
队	O	O
等	O	O
候	O	O
进	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

早	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
可	B-ORG	B-ORG
口	I-ORG	I-ORG
可	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
就	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
铜	O	O
器	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
珍	O	O
品	O	O
展	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
美	E-LOC	E-LOC
展	O	O
出	O	O
达	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
赞	O	O
助	O	O
在	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
迄	O	O
今	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
展	O	O
品	O	O
最	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
可	B-ORG	B-ORG
口	I-ORG	I-ORG
可	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
裁	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
都	O	O
赞	O	O
成	O	O
布	B-PER	B-PER
热	I-PER	I-PER
津	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
可	B-ORG	B-ORG
口	I-ORG	I-ORG
可	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
希	O	O
望	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
访	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
取	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
卡	B-PER	B-PER
迈	I-PER	I-PER
勒	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
哈	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
齐	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
反	O	O
对	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
因	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
而	O	O
对	O	O
它	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
在	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
首	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
后	O	O
被	O	O
逼	O	O
无	O	O
奈	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
的	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
哪	O	O
些	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
来	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
哪	O	O
些	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
来	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
类	O	O
似	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
、	O	O
几	O	O
周	O	O
之	O	O
内	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
衅	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

双	O	O
方	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
《	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
宪	O	O
章	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
国	O	O
对	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
核	O	O
军	O	O
备	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
升	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
和	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
该	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
璇	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
务	O	O
卿	O	O
奥	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
布	I-PER	I-PER
赖	I-PER	I-PER
特	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
俄	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
普	B-PER	B-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
马	I-PER	I-PER
科	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
交	O	O
大	O	O
臣	O	O
库	B-PER	B-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
韦	B-PER	B-PER
德	I-PER	I-PER
里	I-PER	I-PER
纳	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
共	O	O
同	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
异	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
议	O	O
题	O	O
过	O	O
散	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
太	O	O
多	O	O
而	O	O
难	O	O
有	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
、	O	O
穿	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
衣	O	O
服	O	O
、	O	O
喝	O	O
不	O	O
喝	O	O
牛	O	O
奶	O	O
、	O	O
每	O	O
天	O	O
几	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
课	O	O
、	O	O
课	O	O
程	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
珠	O	O
炮	O	O
似	O	O
的	O	O
倾	O	O
泻	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
明	O	O
媚	O	O
的	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
文	O	O
化	O	O
月	O	O
”	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
在	O	O
离	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
、	O	O
古	O	O
色	O	O
古	O	O
香	O	O
的	O	O
普	B-LOC	B-LOC
沃	I-LOC	I-LOC
茨	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	E-LOC	I-LOC
市	O	E-LOC
区	O	O
拉	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
帷	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
贝	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
格	I-LOC	I-LOC
莱	I-LOC	I-LOC
德	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
夫	E-LOC	E-LOC
塞	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
维	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	I-LOC	I-LOC
共	I-LOC	I-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
科	B-LOC	B-LOC
索	I-LOC	I-LOC
沃	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
武	O	O
装	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
人	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
。	O	O

法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
从	O	O
“	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
防	O	O
务	O	O
”	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
”	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
内	O	O
部	O	O
“	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
分	O	O
量	O	O
过	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
分	O	O
量	O	O
过	O	O
轻	O	O
”	O	O
颇	O	O
多	O	O
烦	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
敌	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
约	E-ORG	E-ORG
究	O	O
竟	O	O
应	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
似	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
埃	B-LOC	B-LOC
及	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
和	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
总	O	O
统	O	O
埃	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
特	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
达	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
于	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
宣	O	O
誓	O	O
就	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
随	O	O
和	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
摆	O	O
架	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
话	O	O
风	O	O
趣	O	O
幽	O	O
默	O	O
，	O	O
善	O	O
于	O	O
交	O	O
友	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
因	O	O
扮	O	O
演	O	O
劫	O	O
富	O	O
济	O	O
贫	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
绿	O	O
林	O	O
好	O	O
汉	O	O
”	O	O
成	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
红	O	O
遍	O	O
菲	B-LOC	B-LOC
律	I-LOC	I-LOC
宾	E-LOC	E-LOC
全	O	O
国	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
没	O	O
有	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
侵	O	O
略	O	O
别	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
图	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
事	O	O
关	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
上	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
妥	O	O
协	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
本	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
均	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

伊	B-LOC	B-LOC
朗	E-LOC	E-LOC
外	O	O
长	O	O
哈	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
齐	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
对	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
竞	O	O
相	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
忧	O	O
虑	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
不	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
条	O	O
约	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
布	I-LOC	I-LOC
扎	I-LOC	I-LOC
比	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
林	B-PER	B-PER
皎	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
阿	B-LOC	B-LOC
联	I-LOC	I-LOC
酋	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
昨	O	O
天	O	O
就	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
度	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
基	I-LOC	I-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
坦	E-LOC	E-LOC
近	O	O
日	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
外	B-ORG	B-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
声	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O

声	O	O
明	O	O
呼	O	O
吁	O	O
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
、	O	O
巴	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
核	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
、	O	O
导	O	O
弹	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
衅	O	O
性	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
或	O	O
言	O	O
辞	O	O
。	O	O

布	B-PER	B-PER
热	I-PER	I-PER
津	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
远	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
显	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
使	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
所	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
访	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
，	O	O
同	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
对	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

李	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
在	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
走	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
时	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
和	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
革	O	O
除	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
弊	O	O
端	O	O
和	O	O
陋	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
在	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
上	O	O
破	O	O
除	O	O
迷	O	O
信	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O

郑	B-PER	B-PER
万	I-PER	I-PER
通	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
4	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
规	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
正	I-PER	I-PER
学	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
陪	O	O
同	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
访	O	O
问	O	O
罗	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
尼	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-ORG
班	I-LOC	I-ORG
牙	E-LOC	E-ORG
、	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
万	I-PER	I-PER
通	E-PER	E-PER
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
途	O	O
中	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
随	O	O
团	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
李	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
同	O	O
这	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
、	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
共	O	O
识	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
进	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
预	O	O
期	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
圆	O	O
满	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
作	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
持	O	O
证	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
可	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
地	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
贾	B-PER	B-PER
西	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
《	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	I-LOC	I-LOC
人	I-LOC	I-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
共	I-LOC	I-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
测	O	O
绘	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
可	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
证	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
跨	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
跨	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
强	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
东	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
为	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
宝	B-ORG	B-ORG
钢	E-ORG	E-ORG
为	O	O
跻	O	O
身	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
强	O	O
而	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
始	O	O
料	O	O
未	O	O
及	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
后	O	O
悔	O	O
不	O	O
迭	O	O
。	O	O

创	O	O
建	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
养	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
和	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
张	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
港	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
塘	B-LOC	B-LOC
桥	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-LOC
圳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	B-LOC	B-LOC
榄	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
陕	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
咸	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
礼	B-LOC	B-LOC
泉	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
县	O	O
城	O	O
（	O	O
城	B-LOC	O
关	I-LOC	O
镇	E-LOC	O
）	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
论	O	O
剑	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
惊	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
泣	O	O
鬼	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
厮	O	O
杀	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
朗	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
）	O	O

而	O	O
鲜	O	O
见	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
伦	E-LOC	I-LOC
三	O	I-LOC
岛	O	E-LOC
，	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
使	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
格	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
翩	O	O
翩	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
按	O	O
捺	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
地	B-LOC	O
中	I-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
阳	O	O
光	O	O
、	O	O
沙	O	O
滩	O	O
的	O	O
诱	O	O
惑	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
赛	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
剑	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
4	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
挑	O	O
落	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
静	O	O
静	O	O
地	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
着	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
预	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
将	O	O
与	O	O
德	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
决	O	O
战	O	O
于	O	O
里	B-LOC	O
昂	E-LOC	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
4	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
）	O	O
。	O	O

失	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
多	I-PER	I-PER
纳	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
廷	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
虽	O	O
然	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
还	O	O
未	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
像	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
马	S-PER	S-PER
”	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
军	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
帕	B-PER	B-PER
萨	I-PER	I-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
拉	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
他	O	O
这	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
自	O	O
信	O	O
。	O	O

南	B-ORG	B-ORG
非	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
沙	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
比	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
递	O	O
交	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
照	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
该	O	O
队	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
号	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
伊	B-PER	B-PER
萨	E-PER	E-PER
右	O	O
耳	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
小	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
收	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
用	O	O
此	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
场	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
射	O	O
进	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
球	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
放	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
打	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
无	O	O
可	O	O
奈	O	O
何	O	O
。	O	O

巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
扎	B-PER	B-PER
加	I-PER	I-PER
洛	E-PER	E-PER
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
渐	O	O
入	O	O
佳	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
我	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

罗	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
为	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
8	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
廷	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
最	O	O
被	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
队	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
能	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
碰	O	O
撞	O	O
。	O	O

英	B-ORG	B-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
员	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
廷	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
静	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
廷	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
8	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
遇	O	O
罗	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

八	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
路	O	O
云	O	O
和	O	O
月	S-LOC	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
历	O	O
半	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
程	O	O
近	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
g	O	O
组	O	O
的	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
格	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
0	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
慢	O	O
慢	O	O
吞	O	O
吞	O	O
的	O	O
哥	B-ORG	B-ORG
伦	I-ORG	I-ORG
比	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
罗	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
打	O	O
平	O	O
突	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
8	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
道	O	O
主	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
凭	O	O
借	O	O
加	O	O
时	O	O
赛	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
金	O	O
球	O	O
”	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
了	O	O
巴	B-ORG	B-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
圭	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
打	O	O
入	O	O
八	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
众	O	O
手	O	O
构	O	O
建	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
治	O	O
病	O	O
花	O	O
钱	O	O
心	O	O
不	O	O
慌	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
威	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
民	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
，	O	O
预	O	O
计	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
面	O	O
将	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
8	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

苘	B-ORG	B-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
镇	I-ORG	I-ORG
漆	I-ORG	I-ORG
包	I-ORG	I-ORG
线	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
人	O	O
曹	B-PER	B-PER
善	I-PER	I-PER
强	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
因	O	O
患	O	O
尿	O	O
毒	O	O
症	O	O
住	O	O
院	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
年	O	O
花	O	O
掉	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
费	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
4	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
补	O	O
偿	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
“	O	O
报	O	O
销	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
免	O	O
收	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
在	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
就	O	O
医	O	O
，	O	O
免	O	O
收	O	O
应	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
受	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

过	O	O
去	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
曾	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
镇	O	O
村	O	O
联	O	O
办	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
办	O	O
村	O	O
管	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
病	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
等	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
薄	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
看	O	O
病	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
因	O	O
病	O	O
致	O	O
贫	O	O
和	O	O
因	O	O
病	O	O
返	O	O
贫	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
。	O	O

威	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
2	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
占	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
生	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
。	O	O

郑	B-ORG	B-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
由	O	O
在	O	O
台	S-LOC	O
豫	S-LOC	O
籍	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
家	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
广	I-PER	I-PER
亚	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
与	O	O
郑	B-ORG	B-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
合	O	O
作	O	O
兴	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
所	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
学	O	O
院	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
已	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
专	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
近	O	O
三	O	O
百	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
强	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
晶	B-ORG	B-ORG
石	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
先	O	O
后	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
书	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
恩	I-PER	I-PER
来	E-PER	E-PER
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
马	S-PER	S-PER
列	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
为	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
承	O	O
上	O	O
启	O	O
下	O	O
、	O	O
继	O	O
往	O	O
开	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

研	O	O
究	O	O
还	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
拓	O	O
宽	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
，	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O

知	O	O
识	O	O
无	O	O
国	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
可	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
以	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
装	O	O
置	O	O
以	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
含	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

工	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
网	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
网	O	O
、	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
网	O	O
和	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
网	O	O
；	O	O
而	O	O
高	O	O
速	O	O
、	O	O
互	O	O
动	O	O
、	O	O
传	O	O
递	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	O
享	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
人	O	O
曾	O	O
把	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
比	O	O
作	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
机	O	O
的	O	O
燃	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
神	I-PER	I-PER
宗	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
死	O	O
，	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
哲	I-PER	I-PER
宗	E-PER	E-PER
继	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
高	S-PER	O
太	O	O
后	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
扶	O	O
持	O	O
守	O	O
旧	O	O
派	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
派	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
法	O	O
遂	O	O
即	O	O
罢	O	O
废	O	O
，	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
安	I-PER	I-PER
石	E-PER	E-PER
改	O	O
革	O	O
宣	O	O
告	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
。	O	O

范	B-PER	B-PER
仲	I-PER	I-PER
淹	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
“	O	O
庆	O	O
历	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
仁	I-PER	I-PER
宗	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
九	O	O
条	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
颁	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
庆	O	O
历	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

否	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
就	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
南	O	O
辕	O	O
北	O	O
辙	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
有	O	O
史	O	O
记	O	O
载	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
春	O	O
秋	O	O
战	O	O
国	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
诸	O	O
侯	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
竞	O	O
相	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
磅	O	O
礴	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
热	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
康	B-PER	O
有	I-PER	O
为	E-PER	O
、	O	O
梁	B-PER	B-PER
启	I-PER	I-PER
超	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
谭	B-PER	B-PER
嗣	I-PER	I-PER
同	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
严	B-PER	O
复	E-PER	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
从	O	O
旧	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
营	O	O
垒	O	O
中	O	O
走	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
“	O	O
布	O	O
衣	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
背	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
挣	O	O
脱	O	O
旧	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
拯	O	O
救	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
亡	O	O
而	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
在	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
脊	O	O
梁	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
近	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
界	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
上	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
看	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
良	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
中	O	O
叶	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
用	O	O
来	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
如	O	O
德	S-LOC	O
之	O	O
克	B-ORG	O
虏	I-ORG	O
伯	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
英	S-LOC	O
之	O	O
黎	B-ORG	B-PER
姆	I-ORG	I-PER
斯	E-ORG	E-PER
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
民	O	O
营	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
清	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
下	O	O
放	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
轮	O	O
船	O	O
、	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
纵	O	O
民	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
加	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
考	O	O
工	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
利	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
通	O	O
商	O	O
院	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
商	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
办	O	O
商	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
商	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
物	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
层	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
洋	O	O
务	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
；	O	O
从	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
上	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
戊	O	O
戌	O	O
维	O	O
新	O	O
重	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
专	O	O
利	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
放	O	O
手	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
私	O	O
营	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
洋	O	O
务	O	O
官	O	O
僚	O	O
对	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
垄	O	O
断	O	O
与	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
折	O	O
射	O	O
出	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
列	O	O
强	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
侵	O	O
略	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
洋	O	O
务	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

戊	O	O
戌	O	O
维	O	O
新	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
新	O	O
式	O	O
农	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
修	O	O
筑	O	O
铁	O	O
路	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
采	O	O
矿	O	O
山	O	O
、	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
、	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
、	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
清	O	O
末	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
低	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
风	O	O
气	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
新	O	O
志	O	O
士	O	O
在	O	O
短	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
零	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
中	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
惊	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
光	B-PER	O
绪	E-PER	O
帝	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
法	O	O
上	O	O
谕	O	O
就	O	O
多	O	O
达	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
臣	O	O
僚	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
新	O	O
政	O	O
的	O	O
奏	O	O
折	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
上	O	O
书	O	O
竟	O	O
有	O	O
六	O	O
百	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
件	O	O
之	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

戊	O	O
戌	O	O
变	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
很	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
高	O	O
潮	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
零	O	O
三	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
史	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
百	O	O
日	O	O
维	O	O
新	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

戊	O	O
戌	O	O
变	O	O
法	O	O
是	O	O
甲	O	O
午	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
救	O	O
亡	O	O
图	O	O
存	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
旋	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

注	O	O
：	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
中	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
国	O	O
土	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
、	O	O
森	O	O
林	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
未	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	I-LOC	I-LOC
别	I-LOC	I-LOC
行	I-LOC	I-LOC
政	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

被	O	O
子	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
种	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
珍	O	O
稀	O	O
濒	O	O
危	O	O
种	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
危	O	O
种	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
灭	O	O
绝	O	O
或	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
灭	O	O
绝	O	O
7	O	O
种	O	O
；	O	O
裸	O	O
子	O	O
植	O	O
物	O	O
濒	O	O
危	O	O
和	O	O
受	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
6	O	O
3	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
危	O	O
种	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
灭	O	O
绝	O	O
1	O	O
种	O	O
；	O	O
脊	O	O
椎	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
受	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
4	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
灭	O	O
绝	O	O
和	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
灭	O	O
绝	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
种	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
性	O	O
最	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
草	O	O
地	O	O
畜	O	O
牧	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
很	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
牛	O	O
、	O	O
羊	O	O
存	O	O
栏	O	O
数	O	O
逐	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
北	O	O
部	O	O
和	O	O
西	O	O
部	O	O
草	O	O
地	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
频	O	O
繁	O	O
，	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

五	O	O
大	O	O
防	O	O
护	O	O
林	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
（	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
北	O	O
”	O	O
防	O	O
护	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
下	O	O
游	O	O
防	O	O
护	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
防	O	O
护	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
平	O	O
原	O	O
绿	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
、	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
行	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
绿	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
）	O	O
共	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
造	O	O
林	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
6	O	O
．	O	O
9	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
造	O	O
林	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
的	O	O
4	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
声	O	O
级	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
5	O	O
5	O	O
分	O	O
贝	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
大	B-LOC	O
同	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
开	B-LOC	O
封	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
三	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
等	O	O
效	O	O
声	O	O
级	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
贝	O	O
，	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
较	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

城	O	O
市	O	O
噪	O	O
声	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
噪	O	O
声	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
中	O	O
等	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
噪	O	O
声	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
大	O	O
并	O	O
呈	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

城	O	O
市	O	O
水	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
河	O	O
流	O	O
仍	O	O
以	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
类	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
锰	O	O
酸	O	O
盐	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
和	O	O
氨	O	O
氮	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
二	O	O
级	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
（	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
微	O	O
克	O	O
／	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

北	O	O
方	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
值	O	O
为	O	O
4	O	O
9	O	O
微	O	O
克	O	O
／	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
；	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
年	O	O
均	O	O
值	O	O
为	O	O
4	O	O
1	O	O
微	O	O
克	O	O
／	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
宜	B-LOC	O
宾	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	E-LOC
为	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	O	O
硫	O	O
煤	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
能	O	O
源	O	O
消	O	O
耗	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
辽	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
内	B-LOC	B-LOC
蒙	I-LOC	I-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
及	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
陕	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
二	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
硫	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

城	O	O
市	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
仍	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
较	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
重	O	O
于	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
沿	O	O
海	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

环	O	O
境	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O

地	O	O
方	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
法	O	O
规	O	O
和	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
颁	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
为	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
4	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
：	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
老	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
源	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
．	O	O
4	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
”	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
8	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
酸	O	O
雨	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
控	O	O
区	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
即	O	O
酸	O	O
雨	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
二	O	O
氧	O	O
化	O	O
硫	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
区	O	O
）	O	O
列	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

淮	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
流	O	O
域	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
达	O	O
标	O	O
排	O	O
放	O	O

国	O	O
家	O	O
在	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
上	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
水	O	O
价	O	O
、	O	O
征	O	O
收	O	O
污	O	O
水	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
费	O	O
等	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
水	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
淡	O	O
水	O	O
湖	O	O
泊	O	O
和	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
湖	O	O
泊	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
为	O	O
总	O	O
氮	O	O
、	O	O
总	O	O
磷	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
锰	O	O
酸	O	O
盐	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
化	O	O
需	O	O
氧	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
上	O	O
年	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
巢	B-LOC	B-LOC
湖	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
滇	B-LOC	B-LOC
池	E-LOC	E-LOC
污	O	O
染	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
加	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
湖	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
所	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
。	O	O

主	O	O
要	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
为	O	O
非	O	O
离	O	O
子	O	O
氨	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
锰	O	O
酸	O	O
盐	O	O
指	O	O
数	O	O
。	O	O

长	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	I-LOC	I-LOC
三	I-LOC	I-LOC
峡	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
期	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
完	O	O
工	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
对	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
干	O	O
流	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
区	O	O
上	O	O
、	O	O
下	O	O
游	O	O
水	O	O
质	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

七	O	O
大	O	O
水	O	O
系	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
干	O	O
流	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
较	O	O
轻	O	O
，	O	O
水	O	O
质	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
在	O	O
戏	O	O
里	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
段	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
高	O	O
音	O	O
喇	O	O
叭	O	O
头	O	O
一	O	O
回	O	O
放	O	O
出	O	O
c	O	O
d	O	O
盘	O	O
高	O	O
清	O	O
晰	O	O
质	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
旺	B-PER	O
旺	E-PER	O
手	O	O
提	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
串	O	O
鲜	O	O
红	O	O
的	O	O
辣	O	O
子	O	O
身	O	O
不	O	O
由	O	O
己	O	O
地	O	O
跳	O	O
了	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
孩	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
节	O	O
拍	O	O
扭	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
小	O	O
屁	O	O
股	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
狗	O	O
都	O	O
竖	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
耳	O	O
朵	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
二	O	O
度	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
加	O	O
进	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
站	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
来	O	O
使	O	O
剧	O	O
作	O	O
更	O	O
丰	O	O
厚	O	O
，	O	O
二	O	O
来	O	O
使	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
链	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
出	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
孔	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
拓	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
链	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
久	O	O
，	O	O
剧	O	O
本	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
情	O	O
节	O	O
链	O	O
很	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
，	O	O
丝	O	O
丝	O	O
入	O	O
扣	O	O
。	O	O

拿	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
剧	O	O
本	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
张	B-PER	O
继	E-PER	O
的	O	O
短	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
《	O	O
村	O	O
长	O	O
与	O	O
鱼	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
字	O	O
数	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
清	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
头	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
。	O	O

拍	O	O
摄	O	O
《	O	O
挺	O	O
立	O	O
潮	O	O
头	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
光	O	O
有	O	O
以	O	O
往	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
怕	O	O
苦	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
怕	O	O
累	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

七	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
，	O	O
扮	O	O
演	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
铁	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
进	I-PER	I-PER
喜	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
原	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O

电	O	O
影	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
考	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
实	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
哪	O	O
一	O	O
类	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
虚	O	O
假	O	O
矫	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
尤	O	O
需	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
和	O	O
由	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
而	O	O
迸	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
《	O	O
共	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
忘	O	O
记	O	O
》	O	O
到	O	O
《	O	O
挺	O	O
立	O	O
潮	O	O
头	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
受	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
而	O	O
陷	O	O
于	O	O
困	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
因	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
而	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
兄	O	O
弟	O	O
姐	O	O
妹	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
戚	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
和	O	O
儿	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
促	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
立	O	O
刻	O	O
接	O	O
下	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
它	O	O
拍	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
算	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
鼓	O	O
鼓	O	O
劲	O	O
儿	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
考	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
关	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
上	O	O
也	O	O
曾	O	O
有	O	O
记	O	O
载	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
才	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
者	O	O
！	O	O

也	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
瞬	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
事	O	O
就	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
铭	O	O
刻	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
盘	O	O
桓	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
被	O	O
带	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
丫	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
索	B-LOC	O
罟	I-LOC	O
湾	E-LOC	O
畔	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
郑	O	O
重	O	O
地	O	O
告	O	O
知	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
是	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
寇	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
至	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
平	I-LOC	I-LOC
洋	E-LOC	E-LOC
战	O	O
争	O	O
节	O	O
节	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
妄	O	O
想	O	O
作	O	O
垂	O	O
死	O	O
挣	O	O
扎	O	O
，	O	O
修	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
供	O	O
小	O	O
型	O	O
自	O	O
杀	O	O
潜	O	O
艇	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
潜	O	O
艇	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
双	I-PER	I-PER
双	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
喜	O	O
盈	O	O
门	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
喜	B-PER	B-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
等	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
与	O	O
《	O	O
惹	O	O
事	O	O
生	O	O
非	O	O
》	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
所	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
《	O	O
惹	O	O
事	O	O
生	O	O
非	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
如	O	O
下	O	O
几	O	O
点	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
：	O	O

从	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
隔	O	O
阂	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
谈	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
港	S-LOC	S-LOC
台	S-LOC	S-LOC
片	O	O
打	O	O
打	O	O
杀	O	O
杀	O	O
，	O	O
卿	O	O
卿	O	O
我	O	O
我	O	O
也	O	O
看	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
爱	O	O
看	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
看	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
解	O	O
馋	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
影	O	O
片	O	O
去	O	O
过	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
、	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
院	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
过	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
个	O	O
层	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
，	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
该	O	O
片	O	O
轻	O	O
松	O	O
自	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
显	O	O
山	O	O
露	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
蕴	O	O
含	O	O
着	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
在	O	O
飞	O	O
速	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
丰	O	O
厚	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
大	O	O
都	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
也	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
体	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
窑	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
复	O	O
原	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
宋	O	O
代	O	O
烧	O	O
造	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
流	O	O
程	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
掘	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
座	O	O
宋	O	O
代	O	O
窑	O	O
炉	O	O
，	O	O
皆	O	O
为	O	O
倒	O	O
烟	O	O
窑	O	O
，	O	O
呈	O	O
马	O	O
蹄	O	O
形	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
在	O	O
宿	O	O
舍	O	O
里	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
用	O	O
来	O	O
上	O	O
因	O	O
特	O	O
网	O	O
查	O	O
找	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
药	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
日	O	O
前	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
两	O	O
部	O	O
新	O	O
书	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
《	O	O
海	O	O
洛	O	O
因	O	O
的	O	O
毒	O	O
性	O	O
与	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
海	O	O
洛	O	O
因	O	O
成	O	O
瘾	O	O
的	O	O
临	O	O
床	O	O
诊	O	O
断	O	O
和	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O

工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
多	O	O
为	O	O
临	O	O
时	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
巡	O	O
视	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
鱼	O	O
为	O	O
食	O	O
的	O	O
夜	O	O
鹭	O	O
鸟	O	O
也	O	O
被	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
岸	O	O
倒	O	O
退	O	O
了	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
遭	O	O
到	O	O
破	O	O
坏	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
成	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
岸	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
塌	O	O
入	O	O
海	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
又	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
总	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
“	O	O
银	B-ORG	O
河	I-ORG	O
超	I-ORG	O
级	I-ORG	O
小	I-ORG	O
型	I-ORG	O
计	I-ORG	O
算	I-ORG	O
机	E-ORG	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
银	B-ORG	O
河	I-ORG	O
仿	I-ORG	O
真	I-ORG	O
Ⅱ	I-ORG	O
型	I-ORG	O
计	I-ORG	O
算	I-ORG	O
机	E-ORG	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
制	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
的	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
雪	I-PER	I-PER
芳	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
生	O	O
怕	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
去	O	O
世	O	O
再	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
麻	O	O
烦	O	O
和	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
写	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
遗	O	O
言	O	O
：	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
天	O	O
一	O	O
早	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
家	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
百	O	O
般	O	O
劝	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
意	O	O
到	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
班	O	O
。	O	O

患	O	O
癌	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
雪	I-PER	I-PER
芳	E-PER	E-PER
坦	O	O
然	O	O
地	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
了	O	O
与	O	O
死	O	O
神	O	O
抗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
为	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O

到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
建	O	O
校	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
远	O	O
期	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
将	O	O
清	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	I-LOC	I-LOC
园	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
成	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
清	O	O
洁	O	O
优	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
良	O	O
性	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
；	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
软	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
硬	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
全	O	O
校	O	O
师	O	O
生	O	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
均	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
和	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
有	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
；	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
环	I-ORG	I-ORG
境	I-ORG	I-ORG
规	I-ORG	I-ORG
划	I-ORG	I-ORG
署	E-ORG	E-ORG
全	O	O
球	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
佳	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
房	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
将	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
仪	O	O
器	O	O
达	O	O
标	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
将	O	O
由	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
和	O	O
初	O	O
中	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
率	O	O
将	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
和	O	O
8	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
辍	O	O
学	O	O
率	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
率	O	O
不	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
8	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
达	O	O
6	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
6	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
疆	I-LOC	E-LOC
维	I-LOC	B-LOC
吾	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
自	I-LOC	I-LOC
治	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
使	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
成	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
无	O	O
c	O	O
f	O	O
c	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
柯	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
环	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
c	O	O
f	O	O
c	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
与	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
运	O	O
作	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

各	O	O
种	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
已	O	O
出	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
孵	O	O
化	O	O
出	O	O
崭	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
新	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
直	O	O
达	O	O
、	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
可	O	O
直	O	O
拨	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
地	O	O
铁	O	O
还	O	O
将	O	O
直	O	O
通	O	O
。	O	O

参	O	O
加	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
招	O	O
聘	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
专	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
5	O	O
2	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
招	O	O
聘	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
课	O	O
兼	O	O
职	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
课	O	O
兼	O	O
职	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
等	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
信	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
等	O	O
课	O	O
程	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
短	O	O
缺	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
目	O	O
前	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
校	O	O
党	B-ORG	O
委	E-ORG	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
“	O	O
终	O	O
身	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
势	O	O
在	O	O
必	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
就	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
又	O	O
参	O	O
照	O	O
总	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
紧	O	O
贴	O	O
本	O	O
校	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
并	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
考	O	O
评	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
和	O	O
量	O	O
化	O	O
考	O	O
评	O	O
细	O	O
则	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
高	O	O
职	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
任	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
对	O	O
满	O	O
期	O	O
者	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
考	O	O
评	O	O
，	O	O
考	O	O
评	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
分	O	O
“	O	O
德	O	O
、	O	O
能	O	O
、	O	O
勤	O	O
、	O	O
绩	O	O
、	O	O
体	O	O
”	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
“	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
述	O	O
职	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
评	O	O
议	O	O
、	O	O
量	O	O
化	O	O
打	O	O
分	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
评	O	O
鉴	O	O
、	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
复	O	O
查	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
审	O	O
定	O	O
”	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
步	O	O
骤	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
考	O	O
评	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
分	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
优	O	O
、	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
、	O	O
称	O	O
职	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
称	O	O
职	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
称	O	O
职	O	O
”	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
档	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

湖	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
类	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
殖	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
室	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
年	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
冷	O	O
冻	O	O
精	O	O
子	O	O
库	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
后	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
试	O	O
管	O	O
受	O	O
精	O	O
、	O	O
移	O	O
植	O	O
母	O	O
体	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
并	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
试	O	O
管	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
和	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
了	O	O
从	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
、	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
、	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
转	O	O
让	O	O
到	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
入	O	O
股	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

内	B-LOC	B-LOC
蒙	I-LOC	I-LOC
古	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
黑	B-LOC	B-LOC
龙	I-LOC	I-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
9	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
成	O	O
交	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
从	O	O
《	O	O
专	O	O
利	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
到	O	O
《	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
项	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
产	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
铺	O	O
平	O	O
了	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

增	O	O
加	O	O
人	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
向	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
互	O	O
不	O	O
往	O	O
来	O	O
两	O	O
张	O	O
皮	O	O
的	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
爷	O	O
爷	O	O
、	O	O
告	O	O
奶	O	O
奶	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
找	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
抢	O	O
夺	O	O
“	O	O
财	O	O
神	O	O
爷	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
常	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O

上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
黄	I-ORG	I-ORG
浦	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
投	O	O
资	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
与	O	O
复	B-ORG	B-ORG
旦	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
携	O	O
手	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
新	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
；	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
汽	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
先	O	O
后	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
校	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
；	O	O
清	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
先	O	O
后	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
6	O	O
8	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
家	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
跨	O	O
国	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
大	B-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
与	I-ORG	O
企	I-ORG	O
业	I-ORG	O
合	I-ORG	O
作	I-ORG	O
委	I-ORG	O
员	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
；	O	O
通	B-ORG	B-ORG
用	I-ORG	I-ORG
汽	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
i	B-ORG	B-ORG
b	I-ORG	I-ORG
m	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
都	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
出	O	O
资	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
在	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
上	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
为	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
了	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
些	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
主	O	O
战	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
为	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
链	O	O
与	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
链	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
产	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
孵	O	O
化	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
建	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
校	O	O
企	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

高	O	O
校	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
起	O	O
着	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
“	O	O
硅	B-LOC	O
谷	E-LOC	O
”	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
所	O	O
获	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
亿	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
与	O	O
斯	B-ORG	B-ORG
坦	I-ORG	I-ORG
福	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
有	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
书	O	O
还	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
难	O	O
点	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

刘	B-PER	B-PER
仁	I-PER	I-PER
学	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
范	B-PER	O
军	E-PER	O
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
森	I-PER	I-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
编	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
·	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
·	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
新	O	O
探	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
东	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
范	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
书	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
对	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
艰	O	O
辛	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
几	O	O
度	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
及	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
性	O	O
；	O	O
以	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
了	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
多	O	O
党	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
揭	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
多	O	O
党	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
性	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
；	O	O
并	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
多	O	O
党	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
渊	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
策	O	O
略	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
多	O	O
党	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
和	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
多	O	O
党	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
层	O	O
层	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
出	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
“	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
了	O	O
延	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
时	O	O
期	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
讲	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
大	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
讲	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
也	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
约	I-PER	I-PER
瑟	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
《	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	E-LOC	I-ORG
科	O	I-ORG
学	O	I-ORG
技	O	I-ORG
术	O	I-ORG
史	O	E-ORG
》	O	O
前	O	O
言	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
列	O	O
举	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
古	O	O
代	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
种	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
传	O	O
向	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

》	O	O
一	O	O
文	O	O
中	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
在	O	O
秦	O	O
汉	O	O
时	O	O
已	O	O
臻	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
约	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
元	O	O
前	O	O
三	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
约	I-PER	I-PER
瑟	E-PER	E-PER
博	O	O
士	O	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
元	O	O
三	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
约	O	O
早	O	O
五	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
古	O	O
代	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
何	O	O
时	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
于	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
（	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
文	O	O
摘	O	O
）	O	O

历	O	O
史	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
用	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
老	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
，	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
落	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
把	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
得	O	O
过	O	O
于	O	O
狭	O	O
窄	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
远	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
启	O	O
迪	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
。	O	O

史	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
要	O	O
宽	O	O
泛	O	O
得	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
从	O	O
它	O	O
诞	O	O
生	O	O
之	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
运	O	O
与	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
传	O	O
统	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
史	O	O
观	O	O
被	O	O
当	O	O
作	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
现	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
式	O	O
而	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
剪	O	O
裁	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
事	O	O
实	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
它	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
厌	O	O
倦	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
为	O	O
怪	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
片	O	O
面	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
公	O	O
式	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
诠	O	O
释	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
说	O	O
服	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
体	O	O
性	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
了	O	O
它	O	O
应	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

总	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
学	O	O
说	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
。	O	O

相	O	O
信	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
遵	O	O
循	O	O
百	O	O
家	O	O
争	O	O
鸣	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
抱	O	O
着	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
修	O	O
正	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
会	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
缩	O	O
小	O	O
和	O	O
消	O	O
失	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
并	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
到	O	O
达	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
彼	O	O
岸	O	O
。	O	O

南	O	O
明	O	O
反	O	O
抗	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
压	O	O
迫	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
义	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
重	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
而	O	O
告	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
却	O	O
使	O	O
满	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
贵	O	O
族	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
汉	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
如	O	O
不	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
汉	O	O
族	O	O
地	O	O
主	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
便	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
其	O	O
统	O	O
治	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
要	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
于	O	O
统	O	O
治	O	O
王	O	O
朝	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
和	O	O
统	O	O
治	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
更	O	O
替	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
抵	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
偶	O	O
然	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
；	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
自	I-PER	I-PER
成	E-PER	E-PER
兵	O	O
败	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
死	O	O
地	O	O
与	O	O
终	O	O
年	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
清	O	O
初	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
至	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
种	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
也	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
超	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
地	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
明	O	O
代	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
专	O	O
制	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
集	O	O
权	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
曾	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
缓	O	O
和	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
明	O	O
初	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
多	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
；	O	O
但	O	O
其	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
要	O	O
导	O	O
致	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
抑	O	O
制	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
阻	O	O
滞	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
萌	O	O
芽	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
延	O	O
缓	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
瓦	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O

元	O	O
亡	O	O
明	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
专	O	O
制	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
集	O	O
权	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
在	O	O
宋	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
此	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
朝	O	O
所	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
而	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
登	O	O
峰	O	O
造	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
步	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
在	O	O
企	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
兼	O	O
任	O	O
5	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
为	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
达	O	O
4	O	O
2	O	O
项	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
碱	O	O
渣	O	O
阻	O	O
塞	O	O
航	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
船	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
出	O	O
坞	O	O
，	O	O
巨	O	O
轮	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
厂	O	O
被	O	O
逼	O	O
到	O	O
绝	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
少	O	O
先	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	B-ORG
青	O	I-ORG
团	O	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
学	O	O
雷	B-PER	B-PER
锋	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
为	O	O
校	O	O
旗	O	O
增	O	O
辉	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
国	O	O
旗	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
徽	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
歌	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
升	O	O
旗	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
旗	O	O
前	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

林	B-PER	B-PER
培	I-PER	I-PER
中	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
对	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
位	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
阻	O	O
断	O	O
性	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
显	O	O
著	O	O
，	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
人	O	O
群	O	O
做	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
可	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
。	O	O

河	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
沈	B-PER	B-PER
琼	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
气	O	O
囊	O	O
拉	O	O
网	O	O
细	O	O
胞	O	O
学	O	O
诊	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
沿	O	O
用	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
；	O	O
肿	B-ORG	O
瘤	I-ORG	O
医	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
俊	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
对	O	O
早	O	O
期	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
切	O	O
除	O	O
，	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
；	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
清	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
在	O	O
拉	O	O
网	O	O
初	O	O
筛	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
内	O	O
窥	O	O
镜	O	O
下	O	O
腔	O	O
内	O	O
染	O	O
色	O	O
诊	O	O
断	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
病	O	O
理	O	O
诊	O	O
断	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
率	O	O
达	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
领	O	O
先	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
下	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
初	O	O
叶	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
三	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
千	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
其	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
积	O	O
淀	O	O
、	O	O
培	O	O
植	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
学	O	O
术	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
；	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
虽	O	O
然	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
根	O	O
植	O	O
于	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
。	O	O

世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
公	O	O
认	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
和	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
能	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
划	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

江	S-PER	S-PER
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
高	O	O
屋	O	O
建	O	O
瓴	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
一	O	O
流	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
言	O	O
书	O	O
和	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
百	O	O
年	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
办	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
复	O	O
兴	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
抉	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O

泰	B-ORG	B-ORG
维	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
干	I-ORG	I-ORG
燥	I-ORG	I-ORG
设	I-ORG	I-ORG
备	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
开	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
成	O	O
果	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
快	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
中	B-ORG	O
科	I-ORG	O
研	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
农	B-ORG	B-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
环	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
测	I-ORG	I-ORG
绘	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
用	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
测	O	O
绘	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
尺	O	O
地	O	O
形	O	O
图	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
每	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
；	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
万	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
尺	O	O
地	O	O
形	O	O
图	O	O
每	O	O
5	O	O
—	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

海	O	O
风	O	O
呜	O	O
咽	O	O
，	O	O
仿	O	O
佛	O	O
黑	B-LOC	O
石	I-LOC	O
礁	E-LOC	O
林	O	O
的	O	O
哭	O	O
诉	O	O
。	O	O

登	O	O
记	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
由	O	O
对	B-ORG	B-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
作	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
规	O	O
定	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
核	O	O
两	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
及	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
核	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
核	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
本	O	O
条	O	O
例	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
的	O	O
边	O	O
远	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
和	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
减	O	O
收	O	O
医	O	O
药	O	O
费	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
面	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
脏	O	O
腑	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
脑	O	O
机	O	O
能	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
了	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
例	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
上	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
对	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
全	O	O
程	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
跟	O	O
踪	O	O
。	O	O

卫	B-ORG	B-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
位	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
人	O	O
曾	O	O
给	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
医	O	O
德	O	O
医	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
疑	O	O
难	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
干	O	O
旱	O	O
、	O	O
半	O	O
干	O	O
旱	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
绿	O	O
洲	O	O
，	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
像	O	O
榆	B-LOC	O
林	E-LOC	O
、	O	O
赤	B-LOC	B-LOC
峰	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
性	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-ORG	O
心	E-ORG	O
”	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
和	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
校	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
兼	O	O
职	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
讲	O	O
座	O	O
。	O	O

广	O	O
泛	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
批	O	O
鱼	O	O
虾	O	O
苗	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
长	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
渔	O	O
业	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
向	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
放	O	O
流	O	O
大	O	O
马	O	O
哈	O	O
鱼	O	O
苗	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
尾	O	O
、	O	O
对	O	O
虾	O	O
苗	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
亿	O	O
尾	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
如	O	O
既	O	O
往	O	O
地	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
荒	O	O
漠	O	O
化	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
《	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
防	O	O
治	O	O
荒	O	O
漠	O	O
化	O	O
公	O	O
约	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
荒	O	O
漠	O	O
化	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

建	O	O
立	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
了	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
荒	O	O
漠	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
植	O	O
树	O	O
种	O	O
草	O	O
，	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
水	O	O
土	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
荒	O	O
漠	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

荒	O	O
漠	O	O
化	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
可	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
加	O	O
剧	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
国	O	O
荒	O	O
漠	O	O
化	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
国	O	O
土	O	O
总	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
．	O	O
3	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-ORG
东	E-LOC	I-ORG
青	B-ORG	I-ORG
岛	I-ORG	I-ORG
十	I-ORG	I-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	E-ORG	I-ORG
女	O	I-ORG
学	O	I-ORG
生	O	I-ORG
沈	B-PER	I-ORG
洁	E-PER	E-ORG
和	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-ORG
北	E-LOC	I-ORG
廊	B-ORG	I-ORG
坊	I-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	E-ORG	I-ORG
学	O	E-ORG
生	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
振	I-PER	I-PER
宇	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
与	O	O
4	O	O
名	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
少	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
，	O	O
手	O	O
执	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
沙	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
阿	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
伯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
入	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
盘	O	O
双	O	O
打	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
搭	O	O
档	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
成	B-PER	B-PER
红	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
以	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
秋	I-PER	I-PER
梅	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

山	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
晋	I-ORG	I-ORG
园	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
场	O	O
迎	O	O
战	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
萍	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
豫	I-ORG	I-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
盘	O	O
，	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
削	O	O
球	O	O
手	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
2	O	O
∶	O	O
1	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

挪	B-ORG	B-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
首	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
放	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
假	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
许	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
营	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
仅	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
攻	O	O
防	O	O
转	O	O
换	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
更	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
对	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
队	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
也	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

前	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
攻	O	O
势	O	O
打	O	O
法	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
占	O	O
据	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
足	O	O
坛	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
街	I-ORG	I-ORG
口	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
开	O	O
展	O	O
糖	O	O
尿	O	O
病	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
街	I-ORG	I-ORG
口	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
日	O	O
前	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
糖	O	O
尿	O	O
病	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
门	O	O
诊	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
糖	O	O
尿	O	O
病	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
之	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
集	O	O
各	O	O
家	O	O
之	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
纯	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
药	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
糖	O	O
尿	O	O
病	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

健	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
给	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
缺	O	O
铁	O	O
性	O	O
贫	O	O
血	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
捐	O	O
药	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
艾	B-PER	B-PER
笑	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
童	I-ORG	I-ORG
铁	I-ORG	I-ORG
缺	I-ORG	I-ORG
乏	I-ORG	I-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
指	I-ORG	I-ORG
导	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
院	O	O
士	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
亚	I-PER	I-PER
美	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
武	B-ORG	B-ORG
汉	I-ORG	I-ORG
健	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
药	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
箱	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
新	O	O
药	O	O
“	O	O
健	O	O
脾	O	O
生	O	O
血	O	O
颗	O	O
粒	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

至	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
0	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
人	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
是	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
廷	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
“	O	O
有	O	O
意	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
实	O	O
力	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
后	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
要	O	O
比	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
更	O	O
难	O	O
对	O	O
付	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
踢	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
错	O	O
”	O	O
（	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
传	O	O
真	O	O
）	O	O

下	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
即	O	O
将	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
时	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
6	O	O
号	O	O
斯	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
禁	O	O
区	O	O
前	O	O
沿	O	O
一	O	O
记	O	O
侧	O	O
身	O	O
射	O	O
门	O	O
将	O	O
比	O	O
分	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
至	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
0	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
突	B-ORG	B-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
此	O	O
时	O	O
已	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
挽	O	O
回	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
赛	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
昭	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
开	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
g	O	O
组	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
球	O	O
迷	O	O
。	O	O

罗	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
开	O	O
场	O	O
后	O	O
即	O	O
以	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
占	O	O
得	O	O
先	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
颇	O	O
具	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
的	O	O
射	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
里	B-LOC	B-LOC
昂	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
g	O	O
组	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
罗	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	I-ORG	I-ORG
尼	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
0	O	O
击	O	O
败	O	O
哥	B-ORG	B-ORG
伦	I-ORG	I-ORG
比	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
重	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
迅	O	O
猛	O	O
。	O	O

海	O	O
洋	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
富	O	O
饶	O	O
的	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
宝	O	O
库	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
蕴	O	O
藏	O	O
着	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
油	O	O
和	O	O
天	O	O
然	O	O
气	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
矿	O	O
产	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
将	O	O
“	O	O
迎	O	O
接	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
筑	O	O
蓝	O	O
色	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
返	O	O
回	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
盐	B-LOC	B-LOC
池	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
林	B-ORG	O
业	I-ORG	O
局	E-ORG	O
长	O	O
还	O	O
沉	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
兴	O	O
奋	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
校	O	O
还	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
生	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
登	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	I-LOC	I-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
听	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-ORG
京	I-LOC	I-ORG
市	E-LOC	I-ORG
宣	B-ORG	I-ORG
武	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
即	O	O
拨	O	O
款	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
对	O	O
特	O	O
困	O	O
生	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
。	O	O

多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
对	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
与	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
仍	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
供	O	O
需	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
长	O	O
久	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
充	O	O
当	O	O
陪	O	O
太	O	O
子	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
检	O	O
阅	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
尺	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
在	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	B-LOC	O
歌	I-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
荻	B-PER	O
村	E-PER	O
杯	O	O
全	B-ORG	O
日	I-ORG	O
空	E-ORG	O
乒	O	O
乓	O	O
球	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
赛	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
选	O	O
手	O	O
囊	O	O
括	O	O
了	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
冠	O	O
军	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
男	O	O
单	O	O
孔	B-PER	B-PER
令	I-PER	I-PER
辉	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
女	O	O
单	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
菊	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
男	O	O
双	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
／	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
林	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
女	O	O
双	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
菊	E-PER	E-PER
／	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
楠	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
女	I-ORG	I-ORG
子	I-ORG	I-ORG
排	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
马	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
凯	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
际	O	O
女	O	O
子	O	O
排	O	O
球	O	O
赛	O	O
决	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
1	O	O
∶	O	O
3	O	O
负	O	O
于	O	O
古	B-ORG	B-ORG
巴	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
亚	O	O
军	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
张	O	O
票	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
价	O	O
比	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
那	O	O
张	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
法	O	O
郎	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
出	O	O
价	O	O
比	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
还	O	O
低	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
法	O	O
郎	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
信	O	O
了	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
假	O	O
的	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
对	O	O
手	O	O
丹	B-ORG	B-ORG
麦	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
曾	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
就	O	O
因	O	O
防	O	O
守	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
疏	O	O
忽	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
盘	O	O
皆	O	O
输	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
名	O	O
教	O	O
练	O	O
佩	B-PER	B-PER
雷	I-PER	I-PER
拉	E-PER	E-PER
自	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
接	O	O
队	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
灌	O	O
输	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
并	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O

沙	B-ORG	B-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
意	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
尼	B-ORG	B-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
把	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
班	I-ORG	I-ORG
牙	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
斩	O	O
于	O	O
马	O	O
下	O	O
、	O	O
摩	B-ORG	B-ORG
洛	I-ORG	I-ORG
哥	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
打	O	O
平	O	O
挪	B-ORG	B-ORG
威	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
两	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
输	O	O
了	O	O
球	O	O
。	O	O

日	B-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
整	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
纯	O	O
熟	O	O
的	O	O
阿	B-ORG	B-ORG
根	I-ORG	I-ORG
廷	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
很	O	O
少	O	O
能	O	O
打	O	O
出	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
赛	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
咄	O	O
咄	O	O
逼	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

已	O	O
经	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
汉	B-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
研	I-ORG	O
究	E-ORG	O
》	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
号	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
了	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
汉	O	O
学	O	O
专	O	O
页	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
汉	O	O
学	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
汉	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
汉	O	O
学	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
动	O	O
态	O	O
等	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O

刚	O	O
刚	O	O
创	O	O
刊	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
性	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
刊	O	O
物	O	O
《	B-ORG	O
世	I-ORG	B-ORG
界	I-ORG	I-ORG
汉	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
给	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
学	O	O
界	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
各	O	O
国	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
历	O	O
史	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
他	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
山	O	O
重	O	O
水	O	O
复	O	O
疑	O	O
无	O	O
路	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
振	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

教	O	O
师	O	O
们	O	O
以	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
备	O	O
课	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
谨	O	O
讲	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
耐	O	O
心	O	O
释	O	O
疑	O	O
，	O	O
力	O	O
求	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
与	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
。	O	O

某	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
军	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
风	I-PER	I-PER
海	E-PER	E-PER
副	O	O
军	O	O
长	O	O
脚	O	O
扭	O	O
伤	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
劝	O	O
他	O	O
休	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
执	O	O
意	O	O
不	O	O
肯	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
人	O	O
搀	O	O
扶	O	O
到	O	O
课	O	O
堂	O	O
听	O	O
讲	O	O
。	O	O

省	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
还	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
期	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
组	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
中	O	O
把	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
转	O	O
入	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
育	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
省	O	O
各	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
师	O	O
生	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
”	O	O
大	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
省	O	O
情	O	O
校	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
机	O	O
遇	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
为	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
高	O	O
校	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

坚	O	O
持	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
在	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O

完	O	O
善	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
抓	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
陕	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	O	O
校	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
以	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
课	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
近	O	O
8	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
书	O	O
对	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
受	O	O
众	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
敬	O	O
业	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
与	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
与	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
等	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
并	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
现	O	O
实	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
霸	O	O
王	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
始	O	O
也	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
治	O	O
则	O	O
国	O	O
固	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
乱	O	O
则	O	O
国	O	O
危	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

所	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
以	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
使	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
处	O	O
危	O	O
亡	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
乱	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
圣	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
英	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
君	O	O
主	O	O
之	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

得	O	O
道	O	O
多	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
道	O	O
寡	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
能	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
从	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
来	O	O
寻	O	O
找	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
尖	O	O
锐	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
滋	O	O
生	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

报	O	O
告	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
其	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
倡	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
报	O	O
告	O	O
中	O	O
在	O	O
阐	O	O
述	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
调	O	O
了	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
与	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
就	O	O
“	O	O
化	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
再	O	O
要	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
就	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
势	O	O
力	O	O
本	O	O
身	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
双	O	O
重	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
最	O	O
初	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
于	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
、	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
于	O	O
、	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
时	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
前	O	O
提	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
亦	O	O
称	O	O
之	O	O
为	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
早	O	O
期	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

来	O	O
自	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
名	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
头	O	O
颈	O	O
部	O	O
肿	O	O
瘤	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
与	O	O
临	O	O
床	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
及	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
患	O	O
病	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
治	O	O
愈	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
等	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
黄	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
母	O	O
亲	O	O
风	O	O
采	O	O
，	O	O
弘	O	O
扬	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
黄	B-LOC	B-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
魂	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
大	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
征	O	O
集	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

山	B-LOC	B-ORG
东	E-LOC	I-ORG
曲	B-ORG	I-ORG
阜	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
孔	I-ORG	I-ORG
子	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
应	O	O
邀	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
儒	O	O
家	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	O
心	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	O
心	E-ORG	O
和	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
原	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
共	O	O
享	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
对	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
奖	O	O
励	O	O
。	O	O

中	O	O
学	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
占	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
4	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
岁	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
教	O	O
龄	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
6	O	O
岁	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
时	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
巧	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-ORG
京	I-LOC	I-ORG
市	E-LOC	I-ORG
中	B-ORG	I-ORG
检	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
天	I-ORG	I-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
讯	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
景	I-PER	I-PER
泉	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
龄	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
拍	O	O
即	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
批	O	O
准	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
翔	I-ORG	I-ORG
宇	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

二	O	O
、	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
权	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O

与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
”	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
全	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
新	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
还	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
审	O	O
批	O	O
电	O	O
镀	O	O
、	O	O
造	O	O
纸	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
药	O	O
和	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
等	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
、	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
确	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
能	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
国	B-ORG	O
办	E-ORG	O
发	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
号	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
办	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	I-ORG
转	O	I-ORG
发	O	I-ORG
财	B-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
《	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
经	O	O
费	O	O
预	O	O
算	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
和	O	O
确	O	O
保	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
按	O	O
时	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
、	O	O
纠	O	O
正	O	O
拖	O	O
欠	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
仍	O	O
有	O	O
拖	O	O
欠	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
省	O	O
拖	O	O
欠	O	O
数	O	O
额	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
1	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
较	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
份	O	O
也	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
拖	O	O
欠	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

中	O	O
央	O	O
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
一	O	O
贯	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
拖	O	O
欠	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
仅	O	O
海	O	O
关	O	O
旅	O	O
检	O	O
即	O	O
查	O	O
获	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
走	O	O
私	O	O
案	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
缉	O	O
获	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

日	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
由	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
点	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
网	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
测	I-ORG	I-ORG
绘	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
有	O	O
脚	O	O
踏	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
更	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
层	O	O
楼	O	O
才	O	O
有	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
实	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
（	I-ORG	I-ORG
控	I-ORG	I-ORG
股	I-ORG	I-ORG
）	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
近	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
家	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
聚	O	O
首	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
关	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
回	O	O
顾	O	O
十	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
话	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

医	O	O
院	O	O
还	O	O
把	O	O
对	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
护	O	O
理	O	O
放	O	O
在	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
新	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
数	O	O
字	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
对	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
身	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
电	O	O
子	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
“	O	O
老	O	O
字	O	O
号	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
熊	B-ORG	B-ORG
猫	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
子	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
围	O	O
绕	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
道	O	O
“	O	O
必	O	O
答	O	O
题	O	O
”	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
轮	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

解	O	O
决	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
营	O	O
养	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
照	O	O
搬	O	O
西	O	O
方	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

莘	O	O
莘	O	O
学	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
来	O	O
自	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
封	O	O
“	O	O
感	O	O
谢	O	O
信	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
好	O	O
好	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
起	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
3	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
该	O	O
校	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
又	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
队	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
清	O	O
淤	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
官	O	O
兵	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
以	O	O
“	O	O
军	O	O
魂	O	O
、	O	O
校	O	O
魂	O	O
”	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
欢	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

图	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
校	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
学	I-PER	I-PER
义	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
辅	O	O
导	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
作	O	O
画	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
次	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
四	B-LOC	O
库	I-LOC	O
文	I-LOC	O
献	I-LOC	O
中	I-LOC	O
心	E-LOC	O
除	O	O
影	O	O
印	O	O
《	O	O
四	O	O
库	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
《	O	O
四	O	O
库	O	O
全	O	O
书	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
存	O	O
目	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
禁	O	O
毁	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
被	O	O
四	O	O
库	O	O
馆	O	O
臣	O	O
摒	O	O
弃	O	O
之	O	O
书	O	O
也	O	O
补	O	O
充	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
续	O	O
修	O	O
收	O	O
录	O	O
了	O	O
乾	O	O
隆	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
至	O	O
清	O	O
末	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
、	O	O
史	O	O
料	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
门	O	O
类	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
库	O	O
为	O	O
古	O	O
籍	O	O
分	O	O
类	O	O
专	O	O
用	O	O
术	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
、	O	O
史	O	O
、	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
集	O	O
四	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
代	O	O
称	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
虎	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
刚	O	O
动	O	O
过	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
给	O	O
小	O	O
虎	O	O
崽	O	O
喂	O	O
奶	O	O
，	O	O
山	B-LOC	O
庄	E-LOC	O
即	O	O
向	O	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
乡	O	O
买	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
刚	O	O
生	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
窝	O	O
小	O	O
狗	O	O
崽	O	O
的	O	O
母	O	O
狗	O	O
给	O	O
小	O	O
虎	O	O
崽	O	O
喂	O	O
奶	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
型	O	O
贴	O	O
膏	O	O
剂	O	O
取	O	O
代	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
黑	O	O
膏	O	O
药	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
既	O	O
保	O	O
留	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
黑	O	O
膏	O	O
药	O	O
特	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
具	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
橡	O	O
皮	O	O
膏	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
方	O	O
便	O	O
优	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
型	O	O
贴	O	O
膏	O	O
剂	O	O
复	O	O
方	O	O
南	O	O
星	O	O
止	O	O
痛	O	O
膏	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
卫	B-ORG	B-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
颁	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
药	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
由	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
药	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
制	I-ORG	I-ORG
药	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	E-ORG
投	O	O
入	O	O
批	O	O
量	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
。	O	O

低	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
放	O	O
射	O	O
性	O	O
废	O	O
物	O	O
处	O	O
置	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
北	B-LOC	O
龙	E-LOC	O
处	O	O
置	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
工	O	O
建	O	O
造	O	O
为	O	O
起	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
低	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
放	O	O
废	O	O
物	O	O
处	O	O
置	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
址	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
前	O	O
期	O	O
选	O	O
址	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
处	O	O
置	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
场	O	O
址	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
和	O	O
选	O	O
址	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O

上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
铁	I-ORG	I-ORG
路	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
去	O	O
冬	O	O
今	O	O
春	O	O
收	O	O
缴	O	O
违	O	O
禁	O	O
书	O	O
刊	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
册	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
缔	O	O
无	O	O
证	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
摊	O	O
点	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
。	O	O

上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
普	I-ORG	I-ORG
陀	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
在	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
捣	O	O
毁	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
贩	O	O
黄	O	O
窝	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
在	O	O
官	B-LOC	B-LOC
庄	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
选	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
块	O	O
邻	O	O
近	O	O
地	O	O
做	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
对	O	O
比	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
要	O	O
买	O	O
地	O	O
膜	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
嫌	O	O
麻	O	O
烦	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
花	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
难	O	O
于	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
试	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
亩	O	O
地	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
增	O	O
产	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
，	O	O
节	O	O
约	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
立	O	O
方	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
增	O	O
收	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
会	O	O
工	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
亩	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
收	O	O
割	O	O
脱	O	O
粒	O	O
完	O	O
毕	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
麦	O	O
口	O	O
吐	O	O
出	O	O
颗	O	O
颗	O	O
珍	O	O
珠	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
麦	O	O
粒	O	O
，	O	O
装	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
编	O	O
织	O	O
袋	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
天	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
独	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
及	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
协	O	O
作	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
一	O	O
十	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
额	O	O
达	O	O
六	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

最	B-ORG	B-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
检	I-ORG	I-ORG
察	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
长	O	O
梁	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
庆	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
惠	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
登	I-PER	I-PER
举	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
虹	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
穹	E-PER	E-PER
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

韩	B-PER	B-PER
杼	I-PER	I-PER
滨	E-PER	E-PER
检	O	O
察	O	O
长	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
面	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
人	B-ORG	O
大	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
离	O	O
不	O	O
开	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
九	O	O
条	O	O
禁	O	O
令	O	O
”	O	O
提	O	O
得	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

杨	B-PER	B-PER
振	I-PER	I-PER
怀	E-PER	E-PER
委	O	O
员	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
源	O	O
头	O	O
抓	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
陶	B-PER	O
驷	I-PER	O
驹	E-PER	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
政	O	O
法	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
正	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
为	O	O
在	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
安	O	O
静	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
休	O	O
息	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
，	O	O
防	O	O
止	O	O
和	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
噪	O	O
声	O	O
扰	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
环	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
发	O	O
出	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
禁	O	O
止	O	O
毁	O	O
坏	O	O
海	O	O
岸	O	O
防	O	O
护	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
石	O	O
和	O	O
红	O	O
树	O	O
林	O	O
、	O	O
珊	O	O
瑚	O	O
礁	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

海	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
古	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
万	O	O
亩	O	O
红	O	O
林	O	O
养	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
红	O	O
树	O	O
林	O	O
被	O	O
毁	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
岸	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
海	O	O
吃	O	O
海	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
出	O	O
海	O	O
打	O	O
鱼	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
空	O	O
手	O	O
而	O	O
归	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
碑	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
米	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
海	O	O
水	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
距	O	O
岸	O	O
约	O	O
有	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
那	O	O
圆	O	O
润	O	O
宽	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
音	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
音	O	O
准	O	O
和	O	O
语	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
烈	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O

专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
外	O	O
伤	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
在	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
眼	O	O
外	O	O
伤	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
而	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
爱	O	O
眼	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
眼	O	O
外	O	O
伤	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

外	O	O
籍	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
外	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
者	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
会	O	O
被	O	O
聘	O	O
为	O	O
外	O	O
籍	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
外	O	O
籍	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
迈	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
盖	I-PER	I-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
物	O	O
基	O	O
因	O	O
组	O	O
及	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
标	O	O
记	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

于	O	O
是	O	O
王	B-ORG	B-ORG
码	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
继	O	O
续	O	O
攀	O	O
登	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
磨	O	O
一	O	O
键	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
磨	O	O
”	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
既	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
原	O	O
版	O	O
本	O	O
优	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
又	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
易	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
快	O	O
捷	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
王	B-ORG	O
码	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
笔	O	O
字	O	O
型	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
代	O	O
定	O	O
型	O	O
版	O	O
本	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
何	B-PER	B-PER
黄	I-PER	I-PER
彪	E-PER	E-PER
从	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
召	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
王	B-ORG	O
码	E-ORG	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
会	O	O
”	O	O
上	O	O
获	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
笔	O	O
字	O	O
型	O	O
”	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
人	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
王	I-ORG	I-ORG
码	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
脑	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
历	O	O
经	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
奋	O	O
力	O	O
攻	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
王	B-ORG	O
码	E-ORG	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
通	O	O
用	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

衢	B-ORG	O
县	I-ORG	O
“	I-ORG	O
农	I-ORG	O
函	I-ORG	O
大	I-ORG	O
”	E-ORG	O
结	O	O
业	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
养	B-ORG	B-ORG
猪	I-ORG	I-ORG
专	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
又	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
畜	O	O
禽	O	O
产	O	O
销	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
有	O	B-ORG
限	O	I-ORG
公	O	I-ORG
司	O	E-ORG
。	O	O

针	O	O
对	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
渴	O	O
望	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
但	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
、	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
又	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
等	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
函	O	O
大	O	O
”	O	O
办	O	O
班	O	O
到	O	O
村	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
班	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
课	O	O
堂	O	O
搬	O	O
到	O	O
田	O	O
间	O	O
地	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
请	O	O
到	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
上	O	O
课	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
区	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
；	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
；	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
率	O	O
较	O	O
低	O	O
；	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
区	O	O
重	O	O
复	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
筹	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
；	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
等	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
书	O	O
共	O	O
分	O	O
六	O	O
章	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
章	O	O
为	O	O
甲	O	O
午	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
前	O	O
三	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
政	O	O
局	O	O
概	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
书	O	O
是	O	O
姚	B-PER	B-PER
桓	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
的	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-ORG
京	I-LOC	I-ORG
市	E-LOC	I-ORG
哲	O	I-ORG
学	O	I-ORG
社	O	E-ORG
会	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
”	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
“	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
在	O	O
财	O	O
税	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
税	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
及	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
还	O	O
有	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
要	O	O
走	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
融	O	O
入	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
化	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
革	O	O
新	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
抛	O	O
弃	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
维	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
与	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
代	O	O
史	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
休	O	O
戚	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
代	O	O
史	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
熟	O	O
悉	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
现	O	O
状	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
龙	O	O
身	O	O
过	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
龙	O	O
首	O	O
小	O	O
而	O	O
弱	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
腾	O	O
飞	O	O
。	O	O

老	O	O
实	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
把	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
贯	O	O
通	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
仅	O	O
限	O	O
于	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
些	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
和	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
。	O	O

历	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
和	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
任	O	O
意	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
赞	O	O
成	O	O
小	B-PER	B-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
讲	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
事	O	O
件	O	O
和	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
史	O	O
料	O	O
为	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
宏	I-PER	I-PER
志	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
《	O	O
旧	O	O
史	O	O
新	O	O
谭	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
卷	O	O
前	O	O
数	O	O
语	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
本	O	O
书	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
有	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
是	O	O
受	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
于	O	O
教	O	O
科	O	O
书	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
所	O	O
引	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
潮	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
见	O	O
解	O	O
和	O	O
新	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
样	O	O
由	O	O
她	O	O
主	O	O
编	O	O
并	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
教	O	O
科	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
就	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
得	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
求	O	O
同	O	O
求	O	O
异	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
胆	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
。	O	O

让	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
百	O	O
花	O	O
竞	O	O
相	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
竞	O	O
相	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
和	O	O
争	O	O
鸣	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
不	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
于	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
国	O	O
两	O	O
制	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
构	O	O
想	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
求	O	O
同	O	O
存	O	O
异	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
。	O	O

求	O	O
同	O	O
存	O	O
异	O	O
：	O	O
抗	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
许	O	O
多	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
和	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
抗	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
危	O	O
及	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
抗	O	O
战	O	O
的	O	O
急	O	O
迫	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
暂	O	O
时	O	O
求	O	O
同	O	O
存	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
这	O	O
类	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
求	O	O
同	O	O
克	O	O
异	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
在	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
于	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
对	O	O
敌	O	O
和	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
国	O	O
计	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
适	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O

求	O	O
同	O	O
克	O	O
异	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
又	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
抗	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
。	O	O

统	O	O
一	O	O
战	O	O
线	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
在	O	O
阶	O	O
级	O	O
、	O	O
阶	O	O
层	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
、	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
等	O	O
差	O	O
异	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
之	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

甘	B-LOC	B-LOC
肃	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O

全	O	O
书	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
上	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

百	O	O
余	O	O
名	O	O
各	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
对	O	O
本	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
及	O	O
本	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
审	O	O
读	O	O
和	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
疾	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
不	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
或	O	O
不	O	O
懂	O	O
怎	O	O
样	O	O
爱	O	O
护	O	O
这	O	O
扇	O	O
“	O	O
窗	O	O
户	O	O
”	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

教	B-ORG	B-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
依	O	O
据	O	O
“	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
概	O	O
论	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
最	O	O
早	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
“	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
课	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
树	I-PER	I-PER
青	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
钱	B-PER	B-PER
淦	I-PER	I-PER
荣	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
薛	B-PER	B-PER
汉	I-PER	I-PER
伟	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
概	O	O
论	O	O
》	O	O
（	O	O
本	O	O
科	O	O
本	O	O
）	O	O
示	O	O
范	O	O
性	O	O
教	O	O
材	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
由	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
出	O	O
版	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
和	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
频	O	O
频	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O

调	O	O
入	O	O
武	B-ORG	B-ORG
汉	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
致	I-PER	I-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
长	B-ORG	B-ORG
江	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
运	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
室	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

赵	B-PER	B-PER
致	I-PER	I-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
常	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
上	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
报	O	O
考	O	O
中	O	O
文	O	O
系	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
念	O	O
之	O	O
差	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
行	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
大	O	O
概	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
台	O	O
担	O	O
任	O	O
此	O	O
职	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
最	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
荧	O	O
屏	O	O
科	O	O
普	O	O
园	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
拓	O	O
荒	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
白	B-PER	B-PER
剑	I-PER	I-PER
峰	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
据	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
环	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
宣	O	O
布	O	O
：	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
向	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
了	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
周	O	O
报	O	O
。	O	O

培	O	O
养	O	O
高	O	O
层	O	O
次	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
步	O	O
入	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
性	O	O
举	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	I-LOC	I-LOC
军	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
确	O	O
定	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
自	O	O
愿	O	O
到	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
部	O	O
队	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
本	O	O
科	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
、	O	O
职	O	O
级	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
随	O	O
军	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
批	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
本	O	O
科	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
讯	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
院	O	O
士	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
向	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	I-LOC	I-LOC
革	I-LOC	I-LOC
命	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
了	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
“	O	O
学	O	O
子	O	O
归	O	O
国	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
文	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O

8	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
筹	O	O
款	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
庆	O	O
典	O	O
主	O	O
会	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
家	O	O
谭	B-PER	O
盾	E-PER	O
以	O	O
编	O	O
钟	O	O
奏	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
史	O	O
诗	O	O
交	O	O
响	O	O
曲	O	O
《	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
·	O	O
天	O	O
地	O	O
人	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
在	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
激	O	O
动	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
随	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
组	O	O
建	O	O
编	B-ORG	O
钟	I-ORG	O
展	I-ORG	O
演	I-ORG	O
团	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

院	O	O
士	O	O
们	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
自	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
力	O	O
都	O	O
已	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
对	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
信	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
的	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
，	O	O
续	O	O
写	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
受	O	O
两	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
封	O	O
建	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
和	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
束	O	O
缚	O	O
，	O	O
灌	O	O
输	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O

年	O	O
轻	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
接	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
就	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
。	O	O

引	O	O
进	O	O
对	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
了	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
清	O	O
醒	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
是	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
靠	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
来	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
前	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
养	O	O
成	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
酸	O	O
雨	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
酸	O	O
雨	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
。	O	O

关	O	O
心	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
是	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
好	O	O
身	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
养	O	O
成	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	E-ORG	I-ORG
被	O	I-ORG
中	B-ORG	I-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
。	O	O

幕	O	O
落	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
童	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
报	O	O
以	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
的	O	O
掌	O	O
声	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
元	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
汝	B-PER	O
信	E-PER	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
专	O	O
题	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
界	O	O
对	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	O	O
压	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
可	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
已	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
高	O	O
压	O	O
对	O	O
物	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
材	O	O
料	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
学	O	O
、	O	O
地	O	O
学	O	O
以	O	O
至	O	O
行	O	O
星	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
将	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O

长	B-ORG	B-ORG
春	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
童	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
根	O	O
据	O	O
就	O	O
医	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
医	O	O
护	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
就	O	O
医	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
对	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
的	O	O
恐	O	O
惧	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
病	O	O
患	O	O
儿	O	O
在	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
中	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
乐	O	O
园	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
广	B-ORG	B-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
药	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
正	O	O
式	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
靳	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
该	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
小	O	O
儿	O	O
弱	O	O
智	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
首	O	O
席	O	O
教	O	O
授	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
“	O	O
靳	B-ORG	B-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
针	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
。	O	O

候	O	O
诊	O	O
的	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
家	O	O
属	O	O
都	O	O
投	O	O
以	O	O
好	O	O
奇	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
聪	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
还	O	O
针	O	O
灸	O	O
？	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
原	E-LOC	E-LOC
街	O	O
头	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
解	B-ORG	B-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	E-ORG
2	I-ORG	O
6	I-ORG	O
4	I-ORG	O
医	I-ORG	O
院	E-ORG	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
为	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	E-LOC	E-LOC
5	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
龚	B-PER	B-PER
达	I-PER	I-PER
发	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
湖	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
的	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
4	O	O
万	O	O
名	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
技	O	O
之	O	O
长	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
机	O	O
抽	O	O
查	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
覆	O	O
盖	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
城	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
独	O	O
自	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
要	O	O
素	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
还	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
乏	O	O
资	O	O
本	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
传	O	O
播	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
相	O	O
反	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
近	O	O
九	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
对	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
课	O	O
外	O	O
阅	O	O
读	O	O
持	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
半	O	O
数	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
课	O	O
外	O	O
读	O	O
物	O	O
是	O	O
课	O	O
内	O	O
读	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
二	O	O
至	O	O
三	O	O
倍	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
“	O	O
六	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
裕	I-ORG	I-ORG
兴	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
子	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
派	O	O
出	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
了	O	O
裕	B-ORG	O
兴	E-ORG	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
型	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
辅	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
师	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
少	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	I-ORG
响	O	I-ORG
应	O	I-ORG
中	B-ORG	I-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
闻	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
署	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
团	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
部	O	O
委	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
价	O	O
版	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
书	O	O
库	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
“	O	O
特	O	O
价	O	O
版	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
书	O	O
库	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
个	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
边	O	O
穷	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
所	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
赠	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
的	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
好	O	O
评	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
受	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
喜	O	O
爱	O	O
。	O	O

朱	B-PER	B-PER
光	I-PER	I-PER
亚	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
牵	O	O
动	O	O
；	O	O
反	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
源	O	O
泉	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
成	O	O
“	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
库	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
设	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
路	B-PER	B-PER
甬	I-PER	I-PER
祥	E-PER	E-PER
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
要	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
成	O	O
最	O	O
有	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
院	O	O
士	O	O
群	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
此	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
中	O	O
师	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
由	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
型	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
华	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
范	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
中	O	O
师	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
骨	O	O
干	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
班	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
范	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
由	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
专	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
讲	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
学	O	O
实	O	O
验	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
班	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
范	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
举	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
班	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
4	O	O
所	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
之	O	O
都	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
首	O	O
批	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
化	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
庭	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	E-ORG
也	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
了	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
本	O	O
《	O	O
藏	O	O
起	O	O
一	O	O
半	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O

带	O	O
着	O	O
书	O	O
籍	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
钱	O	O
去	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
妇	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
都	O	O
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
资	O	O
助	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
女	O	O
童	O	O
顺	O	O
利	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
学	O	O
业	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
还	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
朗	O	O
诵	O	O
、	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
、	O	O
美	O	O
术	O	O
、	O	O
合	O	O
唱	O	O
、	O	O
手	O	O
工	O	O
、	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
等	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
个	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
小	O	O
组	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
生	O	O
们	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
信	O	O
活	O	O
泼	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
出	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
死	O	O
书	O	O
本	O	O
”	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
“	O	O
活	O	O
生	O	O
生	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
0	O	O
位	O	O
名	O	O
医	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
搬	O	O
上	O	O
屏	O	O
幕	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
黄	I-ORG	I-ORG
河	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
联	O	O
合	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
位	O	O
名	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
和	O	O
卓	O	O
越	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
成	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
集	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
传	O	O
记	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
当	O	O
代	O	O
名	O	O
医	O	O
》	O	O
。	O	O

桂	B-ORG	B-ORG
龙	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
为	O	O
少	O	O
儿	O	O
献	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
“	O	O
六	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
厦	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
桂	I-ORG	I-ORG
龙	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
向	O	O
宋	B-ORG	B-ORG
庆	I-ORG	I-ORG
龄	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
捐	O	O
赠	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
桂	B-ORG	O
龙	E-ORG	O
咳	O	O
喘	O	O
宁	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
药	O	O
品	O	O
将	O	O
用	O	O
于	O	O
治	O	O
疗	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
辽	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
四	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
宁	B-LOC	B-LOC
夏	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
患	O	O
有	O	O
呼	O	O
吸	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
台	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
晚	O	O
会	O	O
由	O	O
文	B-ORG	B-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
妇	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
少	I-ORG	I-ORG
年	I-ORG	I-ORG
儿	I-ORG	I-ORG
童	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
联	O	O
合	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
继	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
娃	O	O
进	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
”	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
娃	O	O
进	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
”	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
娃	O	O
喜	O	O
迎	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
回	O	O
归	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
次	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
少	O	O
儿	O	O
文	O	O
艺	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
进	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
汇	O	O
报	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
春	O	O
蕾	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
”	O	O
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
女	O	O
童	O	O
重	O	O
返	O	O
校	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
辅	O	O
助	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
反	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

认	O	O
为	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
界	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
失	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
义	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
辞	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
厅	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
位	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
余	O	O
位	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
弦	O	O
都	O	O
被	O	O
爱	O	O
与	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
扣	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
回	O	O
旋	O	O
成	O	O
圣	O	O
洁	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
市	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
都	O	O
改	O	O
为	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
影	I-ORG	I-ORG
股	I-ORG	I-ORG
份	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
。	O	O

针	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
态	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
辽	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
电	O	O
影	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
起	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
率	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O

更	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
惊	O	O
喜	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
的	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
方	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
影	I-ORG	I-ORG
股	I-ORG	I-ORG
份	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
仅	O	O
以	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
声	O	O
有	O	O
色	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
季	O	O
度	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
比	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

吴	B-PER	B-PER
仪	E-PER	E-PER
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
妇	B-ORG	O
儿	I-ORG	O
工	I-ORG	O
委	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
议	O	O
事	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
和	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
《	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
未	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
妇	O	O
女	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
儿	O	O
童	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
规	O	O
划	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
长	I-PER	I-PER
春	E-PER	E-PER
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
得	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
救	O	O
灾	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
各	O	O
个	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
包	O	O
村	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
灾	O	O
民	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
千	O	O
家	O	O
万	O	O
户	O	O
。	O	O

董	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
举	O	O
世	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
昂	O	O
然	O	O
迈	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
纪	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	I-LOC	I-LOC
人	I-LOC	I-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
共	I-LOC	I-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

人	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	E-ORG
创	O	O
刊	O	O
五	O	O
十	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
金	O	O
银	O	O
箔	O	O
缩	O	O
微	O	O
版	O	O
赠	O	O
送	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
在	O	O
石	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
庄	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
前	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
曾	O	O
亲	O	O
临	O	O
我	O	O
校	O	O
视	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
统	O	O
及	O	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
又	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
校	O	O
访	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
半	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
讲	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
克	B-PER	B-PER
林	I-PER	I-PER
顿	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
在	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
安	O	O
全	O	O
、	O	O
核	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
、	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
和	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
、	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
作	I-PER	I-PER
玺	E-PER	E-PER
便	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
男	O	O
女	O	O
老	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
冒	O	O
着	O	O
早	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
雨	O	O
夹	O	O
雪	O	O
，	O	O
浩	O	O
浩	O	O
荡	O	O
荡	O	O
开	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
座	O	O
荒	O	O
山	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
村	B-ORG	O
党	I-ORG	O
支	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
一	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
腰	O	O
杆	O	O
硬	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
腰	O	O
杆	O	O
硬	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
党	B-ORG	O
支	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
报	O	O
考	O	O
者	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
职	O	O
称	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
6	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
日	O	O
6	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
干	O	O
流	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
梧	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
水	O	O
位	O	O
涨	O	O
至	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
最	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
位	O	O
0	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
9	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
实	O	O
测	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
位	O	O
洪	O	O
水	O	O
。	O	O

特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
晚	O	O
和	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
凌	O	O
晨	O	O
，	O	O
遵	O	O
照	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
进	O	O
驻	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
准	O	O
时	O	O
过	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
准	O	O
时	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
准	O	O
时	O	O
升	O	O
旗	O	O
、	O	O
准	O	O
时	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
、	O	O
准	O	O
时	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
防	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
了	O	O
威	O	O
武	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
之	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
。	O	O

特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
服	O	O
从	O	O
和	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
分	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
造	O	O
福	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
百	O	O
井	O	O
扶	O	O
贫	O	O
”	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
向	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
水	O	O
文	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
7	O	O
万	O	O
余	O	O
份	O	O
（	O	O
件	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
井	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
眼	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
引	O	O
水	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
3	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
了	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
4	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
县	O	O
（	O	O
市	O	O
）	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
军	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
签	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
通	O	O
令	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
军	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
某	O	O
给	O	O
水	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
团	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
担	O	O
负	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
水	O	O
文	O	O
地	O	O
质	O	O
勘	O	O
探	O	O
和	O	O
打	O	O
井	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
军	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
签	O	O
署	O	O
的	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
第	B-ORG	B-ORG
四	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
被	O	O
军	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
授	O	O
予	O	O
“	O	O
富	O	O
于	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
献	O	O
身	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
”	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
的	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
烈	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
前	O	O
所	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
队	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
习	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
忠	O	O
于	O	O
党	O	O
，	O	O
忠	O	O
于	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
忠	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
崇	O	O
高	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
；	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
牢	O	O
记	O	O
我	O	O
军	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
从	O	O
命	O	O
令	O	O
听	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
决	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
；	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
勤	O	O
奋	O	O
钻	O	O
研	O	O
，	O	O
刻	O	O
苦	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
取	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
；	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
求	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
周	O	O
密	O	O
细	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
勇	O	O
敢	O	O
顽	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
刻	O	O
苦	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
钻	O	O
研	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
高	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
连	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
均	O	O
能	O	O
胜	O	O
任	O	O
本	O	O
级	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
，	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
专	O	O
多	O	O
能	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
涌	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
尖	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
力	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

连	O	O
队	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
荣	O	O
立	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
一	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
、	O	O
二	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
等	O	O
功	O	O
各	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
被	O	O
二	B-ORG	O
炮	E-ORG	O
树	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
标	O	O
兵	O	O
连	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
党	B-ORG	O
支	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
被	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
二	B-ORG	O
炮	E-ORG	O
树	O	O
为	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
。	O	O

省	B-ORG	B-ORG
林	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	E-ORG
派	O	O
出	O	O
野	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
物	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
勘	O	O
察	O	O
，	O	O
判	O	O
定	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
雄	O	O
性	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
虎	O	O
所	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O

大	B-ORG	B-ORG
冶	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
纪	I-ORG	I-ORG
检	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	I-ORG
7	O	I-ORG
名	O	I-ORG
党	O	I-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
成	O	O
员	O	O
已	O	O
按	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
花	O	O
钱	O	O
买	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
由	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
的	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
秋	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
泽	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
州	O	O
长	O	O
也	O	O
来	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
红	O	O
杉	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
税	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
规	O	O
定	O	O
：	O	O
用	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
凡	O	O
是	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
历	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
景	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
退	O	O
役	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
城	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
过	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
搞	O	O
原	O	O
子	O	O
弹	O	O
、	O	O
氢	O	O
弹	O	O
的	O	O
7	O	O
个	O	O
分	O	O
厂	O	O
和	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
依	O	O
旧	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
景	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
应	I-PER	I-PER
珊	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
与	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
相	O	O
距	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
3	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-ORG
北	I-LOC	I-ORG
藏	I-LOC	I-ORG
族	I-LOC	I-ORG
自	I-LOC	I-ORG
治	I-LOC	I-ORG
州	E-LOC	I-ORG
金	B-LOC	I-ORG
银	I-LOC	I-ORG
滩	E-LOC	E-ORG
草	O	O
原	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

加	O	O
上	O	O
靖	B-LOC	O
远	E-LOC	O
“	O	O
羊	O	O
羔	O	O
肉	O	O
大	O	O
王	O	O
”	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
宝	I-PER	I-PER
龙	E-PER	E-PER
近	O	O
年	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
套	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
烹	O	O
调	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
爆	O	O
炒	O	O
、	O	O
红	O	O
烧	O	O
、	O	O
黄	O	O
焖	O	O
、	O	O
清	O	O
炖	O	O
、	O	O
油	O	O
炸	O	O
、	O	O
烧	O	O
烤	O	O
，	O	O
风	O	O
味	O	O
各	O	O
异	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
靖	B-LOC	B-LOC
远	E-LOC	E-LOC
羊	O	O
羔	O	O
肉	O	O
“	O	O
名	O	O
扬	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
三	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
香	O	O
引	O	O
五	O	O
湖	O	O
四	O	O
海	O	O
客	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
伟	I-PER	I-PER
光	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
牛	O	O
肉	O	O
面	O	O
名	O	O
满	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
夏	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
近	O	O
来	O	O
陇	O	O
上	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
“	O	O
名	O	O
吃	O	O
”	O	O
靖	B-LOC	B-LOC
远	E-LOC	E-LOC
羊	O	O
羔	O	O
肉	O	O
却	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
居	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
火	O	O
爆	O	O
大	O	O
西	B-LOC	O
北	E-LOC	O
。	O	O

云	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
获	O	O
得	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
专	O	O
款	O	O
3	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
专	O	O
款	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
份	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
针	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
毒	O	O
潮	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
蔓	O	O
延	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
禁	O	O
吸	O	O
、	O	O
禁	O	O
贩	O	O
、	O	O
禁	O	O
种	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
禁	O	O
并	O	O
举	O	O
、	O	O
堵	O	O
源	O	O
截	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
标	O	O
本	O	O
兼	O	O
治	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
、	O	O
防	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
、	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
多	O	O
管	O	O
齐	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
毒	O	O
必	O	O
肃	O	O
，	O	O
贩	O	O
毒	O	O
必	O	O
惩	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
毒	O	O
必	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
必	O	O
戒	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
战	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O

—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
多	O	O
么	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
挫	O	O
折	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
万	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
沾	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
边	O	O
儿	O	O
。	O	O

工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
禁	O	O
毒	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
是	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

多	O	O
数	O	O
女	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
成	O	O
瘾	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
靠	O	O
卖	O	O
淫	O	O
维	O	O
持	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
，	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
自	O	O
尊	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
廉	O	O
耻	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O

云	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
家	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
染	O	O
上	O	O
毒	O	O
瘾	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
地	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
判	O	O
处	O	O
无	O	O
期	O	O
徒	O	O
刑	O	O
。	O	O

于	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
惨	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
：	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
自	O	O
伤	O	O
肢	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
撞	O	O
墙	O	O
或	O	O
跳	O	O
楼	O	O
自	O	O
杀	O	O
，	O	O
除	O	O
非	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
毒	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
吸	O	O
食	O	O
或	O	O
注	O	O
射	O	O
；	O	O
但	O	O
最	O	O
终	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
毁	O	O
灭	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
让	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
者	O	O
更	O	O
直	O	O
观	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
毒	O	O
之	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
特	O	O
意	O	O
培	O	O
植	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
罂	O	O
粟	O	O
置	O	O
于	O	O
展	O	O
台	O	O
前	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
日	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
有	O	O
增	O	O
无	O	O
减	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
者	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
延	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

迄	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
岳	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
经	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
过	O	O
8	O	O
届	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
和	O	O
6	O	O
届	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
五	O	O
大	O	O
洲	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
界	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
客	O	O
商	O	O
、	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
1	O	O
·	O	O
3	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
和	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
经	O	O
贸	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
、	O	O
游	O	O
人	O	O
达	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
创	O	O
汇	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
创	O	O
收	O	O
3	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
国	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
宿	O	O
将	O	O
桑	B-PER	B-PER
切	I-PER	I-PER
斯	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
墨	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
哥	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
荷	B-ORG	B-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
以	O	O
2	O	O
∶	O	O
2	O	O
打	O	O
平	O	O
后	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
球	O	O
队	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
品	O	O
种	O	O
的	O	O
布	O	O
面	O	O
胶	O	O
鞋	O	O
畅	O	O
销	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
近	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
已	O	O
穿	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
贝	B-ORG	O
贝	E-ORG	O
牌	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
型	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
鞋	O	O
。	O	O

上	O	O
半	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
踢	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
中	O	O
途	O	O
换	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

问	O	O
题	O	O
不	O	O
在	O	O
体	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
。	O	O

韩	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
练	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
战	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
头	O	O
两	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
失	O	O
败	O	O
挫	O	O
伤	O	O
了	O	O
队	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
士	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O

南	B-ORG	B-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
夫	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
1	O	O
∶	O	O
0	O	O
胜	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
后	O	O
也	O	O
如	O	O
愿	O	O
出	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

西	B-ORG	B-ORG
藏	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
所	O	O
长	O	O
巴	B-PER	B-PER
桑	I-PER	I-PER
旺	I-PER	I-PER
堆	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
时	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
保	O	O
护	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
高	O	O
水	O	O
准	O	O
、	O	O
良	O	O
性	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
和	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

藏	O	S-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
本	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
世	O	O
人	O	O
瞩	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
布	B-LOC	B-LOC
达	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
宫	E-LOC	E-LOC
维	O	O
修	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
宏	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
耗	O	O
资	O	O
达	O	O
5	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
六	O	O
载	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-PER	B-PER
君	I-PER	I-PER
秋	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
关	B-PER	O
肃	I-PER	O
霜	E-PER	O
、	O	O
梅	B-PER	B-PER
葆	I-PER	I-PER
玖	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
谭	B-PER	B-PER
元	I-PER	I-PER
寿	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
袁	B-PER	B-PER
世	I-PER	I-PER
海	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
方	B-PER	B-PER
荣	I-PER	I-PER
翔	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
世	I-PER	I-PER
济	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
流	O	O
派	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
曾	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
赴	O	O
津	S-LOC	O
，	O	O
口	O	O
传	O	O
身	O	O
授	O	O
。	O	O

宽	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	I-LOC	I-LOC
门	I-LOC	I-LOC
广	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
事	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
场	O	O
所	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
在	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
用	O	O
采	O	O
自	O	O
念	B-LOC	O
青	I-LOC	O
唐	I-LOC	B-PER
古	I-LOC	I-PER
拉	I-LOC	E-PER
峰	E-LOC	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
火	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
点	O	O
燃	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
亚	S-LOC	S-LOC
运	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
火	O	O
炬	O	O
。	O	O

五	O	O
座	O	O
汉	O	O
白	O	B-PER
玉	O	I-PER
桥	O	E-PER
如	O	O
长	O	O
虹	O	O
贯	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
飞	O	O
跨	O	O
河	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
显	O	O
天	B-LOC	O
安	I-LOC	O
门	E-LOC	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
万	O	O
千	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
近	O	O
几	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
第	B-ORG	B-ORG
九	I-ORG	I-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
三	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
交	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
（	O	O
修	O	O
订	O	O
草	O	O
案	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
将	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
施	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
村	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
直	O	O
辖	O	O
市	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
或	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
换	O	O
届	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
正	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
轨	O	O
道	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
第	B-ORG	O
十	I-ORG	O
五	I-ORG	O
次	I-ORG	O
全	I-ORG	O
国	I-ORG	O
代	I-ORG	O
表	I-ORG	O
大	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
再	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
对	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
将	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
石	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
庄	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
原	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
晴	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
呼	B-LOC	B-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
浩	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
连	E-LOC	E-LOC
雾	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
春	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
滨	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
杭	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
合	B-LOC	B-LOC
肥	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
福	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
昌	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
济	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
青	B-LOC	B-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
郑	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
晴	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
口	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
昆	B-LOC	B-LOC
明	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
木	I-LOC	I-LOC
齐	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
曼	B-LOC	B-LOC
谷	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
悉	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
卡	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
奇	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
福	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
伦	B-LOC	B-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
湖	O	O
中	O	O
淤	O	O
泥	O	O
得	O	O
以	O	O
清	O	O
除	O	O
，	O	O
大	B-LOC	O
明	I-LOC	O
湖	E-LOC	O
水	O	O
质	O	O
趋	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
佛	B-LOC	O
山	E-LOC	O
倒	O	O
影	O	O
”	O	O
已	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O

九	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
（	O	O
庐	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
）	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
推	O	O
介	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
举	O	O
行	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
蔡	B-PER	B-PER
武	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
鹏	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
非	E-LOC	E-LOC
驻	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
大	O	O
使	O	O
戴	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
瑞	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
到	O	O
机	O	O
场	O	O
送	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

原	O	O
村	B-ORG	O
委	E-ORG	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
2	O	O
人	O	O
落	O	O
选	O	O
，	O	O
3	O	O
位	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
选	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
村	B-ORG	O
委	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
国	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
与	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
和	O	O
可	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
了	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
、	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
和	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
流	O	O
域	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
总	O	O
体	O	O
上	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
了	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
快	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
急	O	O
剧	O	O
恶	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
。	O	O

展	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
有	O	O
奔	B-ORG	O
驰	E-ORG	O
、	O	O
宝	B-ORG	B-ORG
马	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
众	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
家	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
知	O	O
名	O	O
品	O	O
牌	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
车	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
辆	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
产	O	O
车	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
辆	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
零	O	O
部	O	O
件	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
、	O	O
检	O	O
测	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O

会	O	O
议	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
十	I-ORG	I-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
九	B-ORG	B-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
七	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
九	B-ORG	B-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
；	O	O
审	O	O
议	O	O
并	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
九	B-ORG	B-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
规	O	O
则	O	O
》	O	O
和	O	O
《	O	O
九	B-ORG	B-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
专	I-ORG	I-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
组	O	O
织	O	O
通	O	O
则	O	O
》	O	O
；	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

九	B-ORG	B-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	E-ORG
十	I-ORG	O
届	I-ORG	O
中	I-ORG	O
常	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
院	O	O
长	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
铁	I-PER	I-PER
映	E-PER	E-PER
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
外	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

恩	B-PER	B-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
翁	I-PER	I-PER
维	I-PER	I-PER
基	I-PER	I-PER
耶	E-PER	E-PER
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
布	B-LOC	B-LOC
隆	I-LOC	I-LOC
迪	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
衷	O	O
心	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
布	B-LOC	B-LOC
隆	I-LOC	I-LOC
迪	E-LOC	E-LOC
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

任	O	O
命	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
沛	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	I-LOC	I-LOC
人	I-LOC	I-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
共	I-LOC	I-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
驻	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
命	O	O
全	O	O
权	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
。	O	O

五	O	O
、	O	O
免	O	O
去	O	O
潘	B-PER	O
占	I-PER	O
林	E-PER	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	I-LOC	I-LOC
人	I-LOC	I-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
共	I-LOC	I-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
驻	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
兰	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
命	O	O
全	O	O
权	O	O
大	O	O
使	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

老	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
有	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
处	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
笔	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
来	O	O
所	O	O
言	O	O
非	O	O
虚	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
时	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
便	O	O
很	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
等	O	O
我	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
问	O	O
问	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
『	O	O
等	O	O
我	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
问	O	O
问	O	O
孙	O	O
子	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
来	O	O
常	O	O
和	O	O
老	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
开	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
时	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
会	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
当	O	O
今	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
局	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
方	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
解	O	O
除	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
制	O	O
裁	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
要	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
恪	O	O
守	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
三	O	O
个	O	O
联	O	O
合	O	O
公	O	O
报	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
牢	O	O
牢	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
是	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
性	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
伙	O	O
伴	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
人	O	O
类	O	O
迈	O	O
向	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
表	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
；	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
缩	O	O
小	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
；	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
友	O	O
好	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
愿	O	O
望	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
减	O	O
弱	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
更	O	O
强	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
元	O	O
首	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
互	O	O
访	O	O
将	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
与	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
次	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
首	O	O
脑	O	O
会	O	O
晤	O	O
”	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
库	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
尼	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
松	E-PER	E-PER
访	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
后	O	O
历	O	O
次	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
首	O	O
脑	O	O
互	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
详	O	O
细	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
件	O	O
汇	O	O
编	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
历	O	O
年	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
双	O	O
边	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
由	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
评	B-ORG	O
论	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
与	O	O
麦	B-ORG	B-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
联	O	O
合	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
谈	O	O
》	O	O
征	O	O
文	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
评	O	O
委	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
：	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
精	O	O
心	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
。	O	O

几	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O

摩	B-ORG	B-ORG
托	I-ORG	I-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
及	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
很	O	O
多	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
为	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

国	O	O
家	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
摩	I-ORG	I-ORG
托	I-ORG	I-ORG
罗	I-ORG	I-ORG
拉	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
董	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
盖	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
吐	I-PER	I-PER
克	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
死	O	O
者	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
婚	O	O
嫁	O	O
就	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
人	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
土	O	O
葬	O	O
才	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
论	O	O
寒	O	O
冬	O	O
酷	O	O
暑	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
白	O	O
天	O	O
黑	O	O
夜	O	O
和	O	O
节	O	O
假	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
一	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
便	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
赶	O	O
去	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
死	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
是	O	O
她	O	O
跟	O	O
班	O	O
长	O	O
到	O	O
府	B-LOC	O
城	I-LOC	O
镇	E-LOC	O
那	B-LOC	O
化	I-LOC	O
村	E-LOC	O
给	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
患	O	O
肝	O	O
癌	O	O
病	O	O
逝	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
收	O	O
殓	O	O
。	O	O

安	B-ORG	B-ORG
徽	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
纪	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
根	O	O
据	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
对	O	O
省	B-ORG	B-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
和	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
老	O	O
李	S-PER	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
高	O	O
个	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
气	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
亲	O	O
可	O	O
近	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
报	E-ORG	E-ORG
》	O	O
办	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
户	O	O
贫	O	O
农	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
澳	I-ORG	I-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
社	O	O
长	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
启	I-PER	I-PER
人	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
长	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
万	I-PER	I-PER
祺	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
出	O	O
席	O	O
了	O	O
开	O	O
幕	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
剪	O	O
彩	O	O
。	O	O

刘	B-PER	B-PER
彦	I-PER	I-PER
彬	E-PER	E-PER
保	O	O
持	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
品	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
赢	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
赖	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
彦	I-PER	I-PER
彬	E-PER	E-PER
没	O	O
有	O	O
收	O	O
过	O	O
农	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
礼	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
吃	O	O
过	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
职	O	O
权	O	O
让	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
办	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
拒	O	O
礼	O	O
、	O	O
拒	O	O
贿	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
变	O	O
着	O	O
法	O	O
子	O	O
退	O	O
钱	O	O
、	O	O
退	O	O
物	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

刘	B-PER	B-PER
彦	I-PER	I-PER
彬	E-PER	E-PER
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
能	O	O
买	O	O
五	O	O
六	O	O
万	O	O
斤	O	O
小	O	O
麦	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
打	O	O
了	O	O
水	O	O
漂	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
怕	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
父	O	O
老	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
。	O	O

刘	B-PER	B-PER
彦	I-PER	I-PER
彬	E-PER	E-PER
经	O	O
过	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
户	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
厂	O	O
房	O	O
没	O	O
盖	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
没	O	O
买	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
也	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
户	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
贷	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
农	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
河	I-ORG	I-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
平	I-ORG	I-ORG
乡	I-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
平	I-ORG	I-ORG
乡	I-ORG	I-ORG
镇	I-ORG	I-ORG
营	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
虽	O	O
然	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
很	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
所	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
官	O	O
职	O	O
论	O	O
不	O	O
上	O	O
品	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
管	O	O
钱	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O

令	O	O
人	O	O
欣	O	O
喜	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
选	O	O
拔	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
失	O	O
察	O	O
追	O	O
究	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
用	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
亮	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
『	O	O
红	O	O
灯	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O

云	B-LOC	B-LOC
居	I-LOC	I-LOC
寺	E-LOC	E-LOC
石	O	O
经	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
隋	O	O
代	O	O
高	O	O
僧	O	O
静	B-PER	O
琬	E-PER	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
至	O	O
明	O	O
末	O	O
清	O	O
初	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
刻	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
计	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
8	O	O
块	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
刻	O	O
佛	O	O
经	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
部	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
7	O	O
2	O	O
卷	O	O
。	O	O

某	O	O
些	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
贪	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
青	O	O
蛙	O	O
买	O	O
卖	O	O
屡	O	O
禁	O	O
不	O	O
止	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
。	O	O

宋	O	O
人	O	O
辛	B-PER	B-PER
弃	I-PER	I-PER
疾	E-PER	E-PER
曾	O	O
有	O	O
词	O	O
云	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
稻	O	O
花	O	O
香	O	O
里	O	O
说	O	O
丰	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
蛙	O	O
声	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

南	B-ORG	B-ORG
昌	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
警	I-ORG	I-ORG
支	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	I-ORG
杨	B-PER	I-ORG
子	I-PER	I-ORG
进	E-PER	I-ORG
支	O	I-ORG
队	O	E-ORG
长	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
昌	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
将	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
“	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
警	O	O
察	O	O
”	O	O
监	O	O
摄	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O

省	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
只	O	O
有	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
图	I-LOC	I-LOC
书	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
可	O	O
以	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
省	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O

馆	O	O
内	O	O
安	O	O
装	O	O
了	O	O
监	O	O
视	O	O
报	O	O
警	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
预	O	O
防	O	O
异	O	O
常	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

安	S-PER	O
馆	O	O
长	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
，	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
图	I-LOC	I-LOC
书	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
式	O	O
办	O	O
馆	O	O
模	O	O
式	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
：	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
向	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
年	O	O
人	O	O
想	O	O
看	O	O
书	O	O
就	O	O
进	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
看	O	O
身	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
验	O	O
证	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
九	O	O
九	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
双	B-ORG	B-ORG
良	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
被	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
级	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
集	O	O
团	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
一	O	O
档	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
年	O	O
与	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
灵	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
合	O	O
资	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-ORG
苏	I-ORG	I-ORG
双	I-ORG	I-ORG
良	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
灵	I-ORG	I-ORG
溴	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
锂	I-ORG	I-ORG
制	I-ORG	I-ORG
冷	I-ORG	I-ORG
机	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
江	B-ORG	B-ORG
苏	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
灵	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
制	I-ORG	I-ORG
冷	I-ORG	I-ORG
机	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
，	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
溴	O	O
化	O	O
锂	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
机	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
同	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
创	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
、	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
占	O	O
有	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
售	O	O
后	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
『	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
最	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
缪	B-PER	O
双	I-PER	O
大	E-PER	O
的	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
难	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
双	B-ORG	B-ORG
良	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
所	O	O
以	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
大	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
弱	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
阴	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
已	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
销	O	O
售	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
；	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
利	O	O
税	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
已	O	O
由	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
三	O	O
分	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
到	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
半	O	O
壁	O	O
江	O	O
山	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
到	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
占	O	O
八	O	O
九	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

苏	S-LOC	S-LOC
南	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
源	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

法	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
队	O	O
员	O	O
德	B-PER	B-PER
尚	E-PER	E-PER
则	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
纪	B-ORG	B-ORG
律	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
对	O	O
齐	B-PER	B-PER
达	I-PER	I-PER
内	E-PER	E-PER
这	O	O
种	O	O
因	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
宽	O	O
容	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

翻	O	O
开	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
赛	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
首	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

尽	O	O
管	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
昔	O	O
日	O	O
的	O	O
宁	O	O
静	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
满	O	O
街	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
警	O	O
如	O	O
临	O	O
大	O	O
敌	O	O
，	O	O
虎	O	O
视	O	O
眈	O	O
眈	O	O
地	O	O
注	O	O
视	O	O
着	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
场	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
名	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
少	O	O
年	O	O
沈	B-PER	O
洁	E-PER	O
和	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
振	I-PER	I-PER
宇	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
4	O	O
名	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
手	O	O
执	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
足	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
公	O	O
平	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
员	O	O
入	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
气	I-ORG	I-ORG
象	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
供	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
：	O	O
副	O	O
高	O	O
西	O	O
北	O	O
侧	O	O
暖	O	O
湿	O	O
气	O	O
流	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
从	O	O
青	S-LOC	S-LOC
藏	S-LOC	S-LOC
高	O	O
原	O	O
东	O	O
部	O	O
南	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
冷	O	O
空	O	O
气	O	O
仍	O	O
交	O	O
汇	O	O
在	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
下	O	O
游	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
耶	I-PER	I-PER
夫	E-PER	E-PER
将	O	O
军	O	O
的	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
将	O	O
对	O	O
两	O	O
军	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

亚	B-ORG	B-ORG
洲	I-ORG	I-ORG
开	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
与	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
年	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
召	O	O
开	O	O

街	O	B-ORG
道	O	I-ORG
党	O	I-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
向	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
大	B-ORG	B-ORG
连	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
岗	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
很	O	O
快	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
要	O	O
跟	O	O
上	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
祝	B-PER	B-PER
捷	E-PER	E-PER
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
由	O	O
街	O	B-ORG
道	O	I-ORG
党	O	I-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
进	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

于	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
祝	B-PER	B-PER
捷	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
面	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
张	B-PER	O
倩	E-PER	O
年	O	O
迈	O	O
的	O	O
姥	O	O
姥	O	O
、	O	O
残	O	O
疾	O	O
妈	O	O
妈	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
倩	E-PER	E-PER
四	O	O
处	O	O
求	O	O
医	O	O
。	O	O

预	O	O
计	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
—	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
及	O	O
黄	S-LOC	S-LOC
淮	S-LOC	S-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
将	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
降	O	O
雨	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
为	O	O
小	O	O
到	O	O
中	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
局	O	O
部	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
雨	O	O
或	O	O
暴	O	O
雨	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
短	O	O
时	O	O
雷	O	O
雨	O	O
大	O	O
风	O	O
和	O	O
冰	O	O
雹	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
。	O	O

舒	B-PER	B-PER
同	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
指	O	O
战	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
素	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
马	O	O
背	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
美	O	O
誉	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
被	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
党	O	O
内	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
笔	O	O
，	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
法	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
副	O	O
挽	O	O
联	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
舒	B-PER	O
同	E-PER	O
漫	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
历	O	O
程	O	O
和	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
墨	O	O
海	O	O
生	O	O
涯	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
概	O	O
括	O	O
。	O	O

江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
李	B-PER	B-PER
鹏	E-PER	E-PER
朱	B-PER	B-PER
镕	I-PER	I-PER
基	E-PER	E-PER
李	B-PER	B-PER
瑞	I-PER	I-PER
环	E-PER	E-PER
胡	B-PER	B-PER
锦	I-PER	I-PER
涛	E-PER	E-PER
尉	B-PER	B-PER
健	I-PER	I-PER
行	E-PER	E-PER
李	B-PER	B-PER
岚	I-PER	I-PER
清	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
在	O	O
舒	B-PER	O
同	E-PER	O
病	O	O
重	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
和	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
前	O	O
往	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
看	O	O
望	O	O
或	O	O
以	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
向	O	O
其	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
亲	O	O
切	O	O
慰	O	O
问	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
军	B-ORG	B-ORG
事	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
院	O	O
长	O	O
兼	O	O
军	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	E-ORG
军	I-ORG	O
战	I-ORG	O
史	I-ORG	O
编	I-ORG	O
辑	I-ORG	O
室	E-ORG	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
以	O	O
马	S-PER	S-PER
列	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
思	O	O
想	O	O
为	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
军	B-ORG	O
委	E-ORG	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
的	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
解	I-ORG	I-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
军	O	O
战	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
倾	O	O
注	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
陕	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
书	I-ORG	I-ORG
记	I-ORG	I-ORG
处	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
莱	B-LOC	O
芜	E-LOC	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
敌	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
策	O	O
划	O	O
了	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	E-ORG
第	I-ORG	O
4	I-ORG	O
6	I-ORG	O
军	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
起	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
莱	B-LOC	O
芜	E-LOC	O
战	O	O
役	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
红	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
红	B-ORG	O
四	I-ORG	O
方	I-ORG	O
面	I-ORG	O
军	E-ORG	O
会	O	O
师	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
4	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
9	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
农	I-ORG	I-ORG
红	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
历	O	O
任	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
4	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
秘	O	O
书	O	O
、	O	O
红	B-ORG	O
1	I-ORG	O
1	I-ORG	O
师	E-ORG	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
赣	I-ORG	I-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
4	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	I-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
传	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
部	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
1	I-ORG	I-ORG
2	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
1	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	I-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
传	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
部	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
红	B-ORG	B-ORG
1	I-ORG	I-ORG
0	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
改	O	O
善	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
住	O	O
平	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
坐	O	O
木	O	O
凳	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
手	O	O
摇	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
印	B-PER	B-LOC
华	I-PER	E-LOC
平	E-PER	O
盗	O	O
印	O	O
《	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
汉	O	O
语	O	O
词	O	O
典	O	O
》	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	I-LOC	I-LOC
玫	I-LOC	I-LOC
瑰	I-LOC	I-LOC
园	I-LOC	E-LOC
音	I-LOC	O
像	I-LOC	O
商	I-LOC	O
店	E-LOC	O
贩	O	O
卖	O	O
盗	O	O
版	O	O
、	O	O
淫	O	O
秽	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
软	O	O
件	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
四	B-LOC	B-ORG
川	E-LOC	I-ORG
彭	B-ORG	I-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
仁	I-ORG	I-ORG
德	I-ORG	I-ORG
彩	I-ORG	I-ORG
印	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	E-ORG
非	O	O
法	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
案	O	O
和	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-LOC
圳	E-LOC	E-LOC
非	O	O
法	O	O
翻	O	O
印	O	O
、	O	O
贩	O	O
卖	O	O
境	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
物	O	O
、	O	O
淫	O	O
秽	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
案	O	O
犯	O	O
都	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
惩	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
后	I-ORG	I-ORG
勤	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	E-ORG
保	I-ORG	O
定	I-ORG	O
干	I-ORG	O
休	I-ORG	O
所	E-ORG	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
创	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
集	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
们	O	O
老	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
乐	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
在	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
早	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
要	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
身	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
绿	O	O
马	O	O
夹	O	O
”	O	O
者	O	O
由	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	E-LOC	I-LOC
园	O	E-LOC
林	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
和	O	O
武	B-ORG	B-ORG
汉	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
物	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
师	O	O
生	O	O
等	O	O
上	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
者	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

历	O	O
任	O	O
班	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
连	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
参	O	O
谋	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
长	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
分	O	O
区	O	O
副	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
政	O	B-ORG
治	O	I-ORG
部	O	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
政	B-ORG	B-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
岛	I-ORG	I-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	I-ORG	I-ORG
令	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
政	O	O
治	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
某	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
后	O	O
勤	O	O
部	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
舰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
等	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
成	O	O
家	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
才	O	O
发	O	O
觉	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
也	O	O
“	O	O
靠	O	O
不	O	O
住	O	O
”	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
心	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
门	O	O
心	O	O
思	O	O
扑	O	O
在	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
常	O	O
常	O	O
是	O	O
只	O	O
顾	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
而	O	O
顾	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
家	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
伴	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
当	O	O
初	O	O
与	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
觉	O	O
得	O	O
他	O	O
人	O	O
挺	O	O
忠	O	O
厚	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
能	O	O
吃	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
过	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
靠	O	O
得	O	O
住	O	O
的	O	O
男	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

郑	B-PER	B-PER
炎	I-PER	I-PER
甫	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
9	O	O
年	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
于	O	O
江	B-LOC	B-LOC
苏	E-LOC	E-LOC
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
话	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
咬	O	O
字	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
给	O	O
维	B-LOC	B-LOC
吾	I-LOC	I-LOC
尔	E-LOC	E-LOC
族	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
传	O	O
授	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
硬	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
熬	O	O
”	O	O
熟	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
南	B-LOC	O
疆	E-LOC	O
腔	O	O
的	O	O
维	O	O
语	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
阿	B-PER	O
不	I-PER	O
都	I-PER	O
·	I-PER	O
黑	I-PER	O
力	I-PER	O
力	E-PER	O
心	O	O
目	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
牙	O	O
阿	O	O
克	O	O
卡	O	O
德	O	O
尔	O	O
”	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
财	O	O
神	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
棵	O	O
“	O	O
摇	O	O
钱	O	O
树	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
炎	I-PER	I-PER
甫	E-PER	E-PER
亲	O	O
手	O	O
嫁	O	O
接	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

谁	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
慢	O	O
慢	O	O
地	O	O
退	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
至	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
遏	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
颓	O	O
势	O	O
：	O	O
每	O	O
株	O	O
核	O	O
桃	O	O
树	O	O
产	O	O
果	O	O
仅	O	O
2	O	O
公	O	O
斤	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
不	O	O
及	O	O
一	O	O
株	O	O
核	O	O
桃	O	O
树	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
耗	O	O
掉	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
费	O	O
！	O	O

自	B-ORG	B-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
常	O	O
委	O	O
兼	O	O
纪	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
曹	B-PER	B-PER
洪	I-PER	I-PER
兴	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
广	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
纪	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
刚	O	O
拟	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
有	O	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
费	O	O
用	O	O
、	O	O
严	O	O
禁	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
大	O	O
吃	O	O
大	O	O
喝	O	O
、	O	O
严	O	O
格	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
小	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
清	O	O
房	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
广	I-ORG	I-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
壮	I-ORG	I-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
自	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	I-ORG
常	O	I-ORG
委	O	I-ORG
会	O	E-ORG
议	O	O
室	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
着	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
传	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
就	O	O
将	O	O
《	O	O
花	O	O
季	O	O
雨	O	O
季	O	O
》	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
。	O	O

明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
—	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O

他	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
来	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
是	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
秧	O	O
盘	O	O
旱	O	O
田	O	O
育	O	O
秧	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

温	B-PER	B-PER
家	I-PER	I-PER
宝	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
原	B-PER	O
正	I-PER	O
市	E-PER	O
的	O	O
到	O	O
来	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
高	O	O
度	O	O
赞	O	O
扬	O	O
他	O	O
为	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
所	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

首	O	O
都	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
将	O	O
欣	O	O
赏	O	O
到	O	O
《	O	O
秦	B-PER	B-PER
香	I-PER	I-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
文	O	O
昭	B-LOC	B-LOC
关	E-LOC	E-LOC
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
四	O	O
郎	O	O
探	O	O
母	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
连	O	O
环	O	O
套	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
六	O	O
月	O	O
雪	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
红	B-PER	B-PER
娘	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
等	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
台	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
戏	O	O
与	O	O
折	O	O
子	O	O
戏	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
次	O	O
为	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
大	O	O
师	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
君	I-PER	I-PER
秋	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
一	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
剧	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
，	O	O
天	B-ORG	B-ORG
津	I-ORG	I-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
年	I-ORG	I-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
受	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
之	O	O
邀	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
至	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
日	O	O
止	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
在	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
连	O	O
续	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
场	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
辛	B-PER	O
业	I-PER	O
江	E-PER	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
其	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	B-ORG
海	B-ORG	I-ORG
药	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
股	O	O
金	O	O
收	O	O
据	O	O
托	O	O
管	O	O
在	O	O
原	O	O
海	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
富	I-ORG	I-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
证	I-ORG	I-ORG
券	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
营	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
陆	O	O
续	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
，	O	O
得	O	O
款	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
．	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
尚	O	O
留	O	O
7	O	O
3	O	O
股	O	O
。	O	O

乡	O	O
亲	O	O
们	O	O
谈	O	O
起	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
燕	I-PER	I-PER
玲	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
都	O	O
说	O	O
她	O	O
厚	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
病	O	O
人	O	O
实	O	O
心	O	O
实	O	O
意	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
她	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
地	O	O
深	O	O
爱	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
当	O	O
乡	O	O
下	O	O
郎	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
燕	I-PER	I-PER
玲	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
结	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
上	O	O
山	O	O
下	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
她	O	O
把	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
岁	O	O
少	O	O
女	O	O
的	O	O
梦	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
把	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
岁	O	O
月	O	O
和	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
挚	O	O
爱	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
了	O	O
偏	O	O
远	O	O
山	O	O
乡	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
病	O	O
房	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
、	O	O
从	O	O
家	O	O
到	O	O
病	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
整	O	O
整	O	O
走	O	O
了	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
张	O	O
病	O	O
床	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
到	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
米	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
些	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
『	O	O
大	O	O
干	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
钱	O	O
没	O	O
少	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
汗	O	O
没	O	O
少	O	O
流	O	O
，	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	B-LOC
河	O	E-LOC
依	O	O
旧	O	O
，	O	O
究	O	O
其	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
在	O	O
此	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
之	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
亲	O	O
身	O	O
经	O	O
历	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O

明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
—	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O

8	O	O
时	O	O
许	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
菇	O	O
大	O	O
户	O	O
、	O	O
单	O	O
身	O	O
汉	O	O
张	B-PER	O
铁	I-PER	O
发	E-PER	O
交	O	O
上	O	O
两	O	O
满	O	O
筐	O	O
鲜	O	O
嫩	O	O
嫩	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
菇	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
沓	O	O
钞	O	O
票	O	O
笑	O	O
盈	O	O
盈	O	O
地	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
乡	B-ORG	B-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
草	O	O
菇	O	O
场	O	O
场	O	O
长	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
庆	I-PER	I-PER
盛	E-PER	E-PER
逗	O	O
他	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
小	O	O
张	S-PER	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
元	O	O
进	O	O
账	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
要	O	O
娶	O	O
老	O	O
婆	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
盖	O	O
小	O	O
洋	O	O
楼	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

在	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
四	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
和	O	O
汗	O	O
水	O	O
练	O	O
就	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
线	O	O
开	O	O
孔	O	O
、	O	O
在	O	O
线	O	O
堵	O	O
漏	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
绝	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O

上	O	O
班	O	O
时	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
搞	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
下	O	O
车	O	O
间	O	O
、	O	O
跑	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
。	O	O

双	O	O
方	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
旨	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
联	B-ORG	B-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	E-ORG	E-ORG
事	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
与	O	O
裁	O	O
军	O	O
、	O	O
核	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
及	O	O
大	O	O
规	O	O
模	O	O
杀	O	O
伤	O	O
性	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
扩	O	O
散	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
控	O	O
制	O	O
武	O	O
器	O	O
出	O	O
口	O	O
等	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
、	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
地	O	O
交	O	O
换	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
危	O	O
及	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
机	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
磋	O	O
商	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
、	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
着	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
间	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
多	O	O
极	O	O
化	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
加	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

长	O	O
期	O	O
从	O	O
事	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
曲	B-PER	B-PER
嘉	I-PER	I-PER
良	E-PER	E-PER
敏	O	O
锐	O	O
地	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
：	O	O
患	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
心	O	O
理	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
汕	B-LOC	B-LOC
头	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
侯	B-PER	B-PER
伟	I-PER	I-PER
生	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
汕	B-LOC	B-LOC
头	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
丽	B-LOC	B-LOC
水	I-LOC	I-LOC
庄	E-LOC	E-LOC
1	O	O
2	O	O
幢	O	O
与	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
幢	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
楼	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
幅	O	O
云	O	O
石	O	O
拼	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
米	O	O
巨	O	O
型	O	O
“	O	O
蒙	B-PER	B-PER
娜	I-PER	I-PER
丽	I-PER	I-PER
莎	E-PER	E-PER
”	O	O
画	O	O
像	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
路	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
者	O	O
惊	O	O
叹	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O

温	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
月	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
该	O	O
奖	O	O
项	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
评	O	O
奖	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
，	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
市	O	O
民	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
专	O	O
线	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
或	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
渠	O	O
道	O	O
向	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
建	O	O
言	O	O
献	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
县	B-ORG	B-ORG
卫	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
吃	O	O
掉	O	O
的	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
费	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
补	O	O
助	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
个	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
院	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
运	O	O
转	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
中	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
9	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
没	O	O
领	O	O
到	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
没	O	O
领	O	O
到	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
。	O	O

社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
率	O	O
、	O	O
亏	O	O
损	O	O
率	O	O
和	O	O
破	O	O
产	O	O
率	O	O
居	O	O
高	O	O
不	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
了	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
化	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
不	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
挤	O	O
压	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
将	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
触	O	O
角	O	O
延	O	O
伸	O	O
到	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
；	O	O
当	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
不	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
又	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
拖	O	O
欠	O	O
货	O	O
款	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
转	O	O
嫁	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
日	B-ORG	B-LOC
本	I-ORG	E-LOC
通	I-ORG	O
产	I-ORG	O
省	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
中	B-ORG	O
小	I-ORG	O
企	I-ORG	O
业	I-ORG	O
厅	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
贸	I-ORG	I-ORG
易	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
小	B-ORG	O
企	I-ORG	O
业	I-ORG	O
服	I-ORG	O
务	I-ORG	O
局	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
早	O	O
在	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
后	O	O
期	O	O
就	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
小	B-ORG	B-ORG
企	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
（	O	O
永	O	O
久	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
邦	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
）	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
和	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
十	O	O
五	O	O
国	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
数	O	O
占	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
．	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
容	O	O
纳	O	O
了	O	O
6	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
营	O	O
业	O	O
额	O	O
占	O	O
欧	B-ORG	B-ORG
盟	E-ORG	E-ORG
企	O	O
业	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
5	O	O
6	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
％	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
食	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
造	O	O
纸	O	O
和	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
、	O	O
皮	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
体	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
、	O	O
塑	O	O
料	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
和	O	O
金	O	O
属	O	O
制	O	O
品	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
木	O	O
材	O	O
和	O	O
家	O	O
具	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

小	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
抓	O	O
两	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
和	O	O
带	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
和	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
不	O	O
甘	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
与	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

应	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
地	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
前	O	O
导	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
扎	O	O
实	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
做	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
、	O	O
提	O	O
不	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
和	O	O
搞	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
说	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
是	O	O
党	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
现	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
党	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
富	O	O
裕	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
于	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
。	O	O

事	O	O
实	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
报	O	O
告	O	O
从	O	O
“	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
是	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
立	O	O
论	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
必	O	O
定	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
而	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
着	O	O
眼	O	O
于	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
风	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
对	O	O
待	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
同	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
具	O	O
体	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

即	O	O
使	O	O
从	O	O
四	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
走	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
房	O	O
屋	O	O
及	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
长	O	O
效	O	O
还	O	O
本	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
也	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
在	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
赔	O	O
付	O	O
率	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
—	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
达	O	O
数	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

灾	O	O
后	O	O
仅	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
分	O	O
钟	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	O
保	I-ORG	O
财	I-ORG	O
险	E-ORG	O
员	O	O
工	O	O
就	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
厂	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
道	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
抗	O	O
灾	O	O
施	O	O
救	O	O
和	O	O
查	O	O
勘	O	O
理	O	O
赔	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
该	O	O
市	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
险	O	O
保	O	O
费	O	O
约	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
．	O	O
9	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
总	O	O
保	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
相	O	O
比	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
密	O	O
度	O	O
和	O	O
深	O	O
度	O	O
是	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
抵	O	O
御	O	O
较	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
上	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
对	O	O
保	O	O
户	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
锦	O	O
上	O	O
添	O	O
花	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
雪	O	O
中	O	O
送	O	O
炭	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

早	O	O
在	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
防	B-ORG	O
灾	I-ORG	O
防	I-ORG	O
损	I-ORG	O
小	I-ORG	O
组	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
承	O	O
保	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
逐	O	O
一	O	O
排	O	O
查	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
户	O	O
地	O	O
处	O	O
洪	O	O
灾	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
书	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
防	O	O
灾	O	O
防	O	O
损	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
分	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
门	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
防	O	O
灾	O	O
防	O	O
损	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
制	O	O
订	O	O
防	O	O
灾	O	O
防	O	O
损	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
方	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

接	O	O
报	O	O
案	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
查	O	O
勘	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
冒	O	O
雨	O	O
赶	O	O
赴	O	O
现	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
近	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
厘	O	O
米	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
水	O	O
里	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
查	O	O
勘	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
汛	O	O
情	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
标	O	O
的	O	O
转	O	O
移	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
和	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
最	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
截	O	O
至	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
次	O	O
特	O	O
大	O	O
洪	O	O
涝	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
给	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
财	I-ORG	I-ORG
险	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
已	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
展	O	O
示	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
成	O	O
就	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
新	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
达	I-ORG	I-ORG
装	I-ORG	I-ORG
饰	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
联	O	O
合	O	O
摄	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
夏	E-LOC	E-LOC
古	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
》	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
后	O	O
期	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
透	O	O
过	O	O
女	O	O
警	O	O
官	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
帼	I-PER	I-PER
英	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
一	O	O
群	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
法	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
黑	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
法	O	O
军	O	O
火	O	O
商	O	O
、	O	O
贪	O	O
污	O	O
受	O	O
贿	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
殊	O	O
死	O	O
搏	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
执	O	O
法	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
侧	O	O
面	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
香	B-ORG	B-LOC
港	I-ORG	E-LOC
“	I-ORG	O
无	I-ORG	O
线	I-ORG	O
”	I-ORG	O
电	I-ORG	O
视	I-ORG	O
网	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
九	O	O
七	O	O
”	O	O
回	O	O
归	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
投	O	O
巨	O	O
资	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
集	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
举	O	O
夺	O	O
得	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
“	O	O
无	B-ORG	O
线	E-ORG	O
”	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
收	O	O
视	O	O
之	O	O
冠	O	O
。	O	O

曾	O	O
以	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
点	O	O
题	O	O
辩	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
届	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
百	O	O
姓	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
辩	O	O
论	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
于	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
历	O	O
时	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
。	O	O

李	B-PER	B-PER
红	E-PER	E-PER
：	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
《	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
家	O	O
庭	O	O
》	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
倡	O	O
议	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
响	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
东	O	B-LOC
南	O	E-LOC
西	O	B-LOC
北	O	E-LOC
普	O	O
通	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
片	O	O
是	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
当	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
虚	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
允	O	O
许	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
编	O	O
导	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
辛	O	O
勤	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
滴	O	O
汗	O	O
水	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
收	O	O
获	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
剧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
着	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
情	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
在	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
考	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
回	O	O
避	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
中	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
和	O	O
心	O	O
态	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
爸	O	O
爸	O	O
却	O	O
先	O	O
替	O	O
我	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
承	O	O
了	O	O
下	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
您	O	O
说	O	O
气	O	O
不	O	O
气	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
人	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
我	O	O
去	O	O
演	O	O
剧	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
女	O	O
主	O	O
角	O	O
乔	B-PER	B-PER
惠	I-PER	I-PER
敏	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	E-ORG	E-ORG
眼	O	O
下	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
播	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
情	O	O
景	O	O
喜	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
欢	O	O
乐	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
曾	O	O
几	O	O
易	O	O
其	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

鲜	O	O
活	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
疏	O	O
密	O	O
有	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
起	O	O
伏	O	O
跌	O	O
宕	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
三	O	O
折	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
该	O	O
剧	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
赏	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
井	B-LOC	B-LOC
冈	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
师	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
拍	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
军	O	O
旅	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
胡	B-PER	B-PER
正	I-PER	I-PER
言	E-PER	E-PER
执	O	O
笔	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	O
年	O	O
女	O	O
导	O	O
演	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
建	I-PER	I-PER
荣	E-PER	E-PER
执	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O

话	O	O
剧	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
景	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
沉	O	O
沦	O	O
。	O	O

写	O	O
实	O	O
与	O	O
写	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
巧	O	O
妙	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
感	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
又	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
想	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
庄	O	O
严	O	O
、	O	O
肃	O	O
穆	O	O
的	O	O
戏	O	O
剧	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
赖	B-PER	B-PER
云	I-PER	I-PER
阁	E-PER	E-PER
带	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
“	O	O
项	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
头	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
身	O	O
奔	O	O
赴	O	O
孤	O	O
岛	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
合	O	O
林	B-PER	B-PER
虎	I-PER	I-PER
仔	E-PER	E-PER
联	O	O
合	O	O
抗	O	O
英	S-LOC	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
为	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
赖	B-PER	B-PER
云	I-PER	I-PER
阁	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
林	B-PER	B-PER
虎	I-PER	I-PER
仔	E-PER	E-PER
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
关	O	O
头	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
演	O	O
变	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
殖	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
者	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
不	O	O
分	O	O
朝	O	O
野	O	O
贵	O	O
贱	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

四	B-ORG	B-ORG
平	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
话	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
晋	O	O
京	S-LOC	S-LOC
演	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
九	B-LOC	B-LOC
龙	E-LOC	E-LOC
吟	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
湖	O	O
中	O	O
掀	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
阵	O	O
阵	O	O
涟	O	O
漪	O	O
。	O	O

主	O	O
要	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
虽	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
着	O	O
青	O	O
春	O	O
的	O	O
朝	O	O
气	O	O
和	O	O
中	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
特	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
气	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
真	O	O
实	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
、	O	O
质	O	O
朴	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
少	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
彻	O	O
底	O	O
破	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
和	O	O
城	O	O
镇	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
才	O	O
算	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
破	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
把	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
分	O	O
成	O	O
高	O	O
低	O	O
贵	O	O
贱	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
破	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
味	O	O
依	O	O
赖	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
端	O	O
“	O	O
铁	O	O
饭	O	O
碗	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
。	O	O

面	O	O
对	O	O
严	O	O
峻	O	O
的	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
调	O	O
控	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
势	O	O
利	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
富	O	O
余	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
力	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
克	O	O
服	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
事	O	O
关	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
率	O	O
为	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
居	O	O
浙	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
各	O	O
市	O	O
（	O	O
地	O	O
）	O	O
第	O	O
三	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

早	O	O
在	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
刚	O	O
刚	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
时	O	O
便	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
；	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
后	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
承	O	O
包	O	O
、	O	O
租	O	O
赁	O	O
等	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
增	O	O
多	O	O
；	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
转	O	O
轨	O	O
、	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
和	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
用	O	O
工	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
面	O	O
也	O	O
日	O	O
见	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

它	O	O
道	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
温	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
积	O	O
极	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
宝	O	O
贵	O	O
启	O	O
示	O	O
。	O	O

比	O	O
如	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
高	O	O
尚	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
纯	O	O
粹	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
脱	O	O
离	O	O
了	O	O
低	O	O
级	O	O
趣	O	O
味	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
；	O	O
发	O	O
扬	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
种	O	O
”	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
；	O	O
以	O	O
身	O	O
作	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
廉	O	O
洁	O	O
自	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
做	O	O
表	O	O
率	O	O
；	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
三	O	O
代	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
有	O	O
过	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
互	O	O
动	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
恶	O	O
性	O	O
循	O	O
环	O	O
，	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
被	O	O
姑	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
之	O	O
风	O	O
被	O	O
助	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
此	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
树	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
向	O	O
心	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
亲	O	O
和	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
极	O	O
其	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
性	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
仅	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
坏	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
绩	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
劣	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
是	O	O
执	O	O
政	O	O
党	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
行	O	O
使	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
温	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
段	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
端	O	O
正	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
紧	O	O
迫	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
在	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
上	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
成	O	O
熟	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

延	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
整	O	O
风	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
宗	O	O
派	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
以	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
党	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
以	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
党	O	O
八	O	O
股	O	O
以	O	O
整	O	O
顿	O	O
文	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
地	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
党	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
次	O	O
“	O	O
左	O	O
”	O	O
右	O	O
倾	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
与	O	O
学	O	O
风	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
。	O	O

掌	O	O
握	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
是	O	O
否	O	O
对	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
关	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
与	O	O
稳	O	O
健	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
以	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
和	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

政	O	O
府	O	O
要	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
养	O	O
老	O	O
、	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
与	O	O
失	O	O
业	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
后	O	O
顾	O	O
之	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

职	O	O
业	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
要	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
契	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
等	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
等	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
性	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
”	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
局	O	O
将	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
改	O	O
进	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
把	O	O
庐	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
设	O	O
成	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
优	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
优	O	O
质	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
景	O	O
区	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
五	O	O
一	O	O
”	O	O
节	O	O
前	O	O
夕	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
局	O	O
对	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
景	O	O
区	O	O
锦	B-LOC	B-LOC
绣	I-LOC	I-LOC
谷	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
仙	B-LOC	O
人	I-LOC	O
洞	E-LOC	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
门	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
派	O	O
出	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
咨	O	O
询	O	O
、	O	O
疏	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
值	O	O
勤	O	O
协	O	O
管	O	O
。	O	O

南	B-ORG	B-ORG
关	I-ORG	I-ORG
办	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
处	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
体	O	O
车	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
落	O	O
户	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
将	O	O
买	O	O
的	O	O
车	O	O
落	O	O
在	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
名	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
张	O	O
口	O	O
就	O	O
要	O	O
罚	O	O
款	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
再	O	O
三	O	O
哀	O	O
求	O	O
下	O	O
减	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

次	O	O
日	O	O
早	O	O
晨	O	O
一	O	O
上	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
赶	O	O
到	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
关	I-ORG	I-ORG
办	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
处	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
位	O	O
女	O	O
士	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
化	O	O
妆	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
门	O	O
口	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
挤	O	O
满	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
焦	O	O
急	O	O
地	O	O
等	O	O
待	O	O
着	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
男	O	O
交	O	O
警	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
潮	O	O
水	O	O
般	O	O
拥	O	O
进	O	O
室	O	O
内	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
到	O	O
长	B-ORG	B-ORG
春	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
警	I-ORG	I-ORG
支	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	I-ORG	I-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
关	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
个	I-ORG	I-ORG
体	I-ORG	I-ORG
机	I-ORG	I-ORG
动	I-ORG	I-ORG
车	I-ORG	I-ORG
辆	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
（	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
简	O	O
称	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
关	I-ORG	I-ORG
办	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
处	E-ORG	E-ORG
）	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
转	O	O
籍	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
想	O	O
到	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
都	O	O
贴	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
日	O	O
不	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
”	O	O
或	O	O
“	O	O
星	O	O
期	O	O
二	O	O
、	O	O
三	O	O
不	O	O
办	O	O
公	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
启	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
办	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
手	O	O
续	O	O
的	O	O
数	O	O
百	O	O
人	O	O
被	O	O
拒	O	O
于	O	O
门	O	O
外	O	O
。	O	O

看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
还	O	O
须	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
讲	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
、	O	O
树	O	O
新	O	O
风	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O

校	O	O
园	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
净	O	O
土	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
间	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
乏	O	O
不	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

』	O	O
商	O	O
检	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
以	O	O
不	O	O
卑	O	O
不	O	O
亢	O	O
的	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
一	O	O
一	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
仍	O	O
然	O	O
担	O	O
心	O	O
万	O	O
一	O	O
商	O	O
检	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
索	O	O
赔	O	O
不	O	O
成	O	O
反	O	O
而	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
与	O	O
外	O	O
商	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

厂	O	O
方	O	O
接	O	O
到	O	O
商	O	O
检	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
出	O	O
具	O	O
的	O	O
前	O	O
三	O	O
份	O	O
索	O	O
赔	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
竟	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
商	O	O
检	O	O
证	O	O
书	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
怀	O	O
疑	O	O
商	O	O
检	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
数	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
『	O	O
洋	O	O
货	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
深	O	O
信	O	O
不	O	O
疑	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
厂	O	O
方	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
绝	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
二	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
湖	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
家	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
高	O	O
支	O	O
轻	O	O
薄	O	O
毛	O	O
纺	O	O
呢	O	O
绒	O	O
布	O	O
料	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
从	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
进	O	O
口	O	O
了	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
批	O	O
总	O	O
重	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
八	O	O
十	O	O
九	O	O
点	O	O
二	O	O
吨	O	O
、	O	O
货	O	O
值	O	O
达	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
八	O	O
万	O	O
美	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
支	O	O
羊	O	O
毛	O	O
条	O	O
原	O	O
料	O	O
。	O	O

河	B-LOC	B-LOC
渠	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	O	O
设	O	O
这	O	O
门	O	O
课	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
家	O	O
长	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
“	O	O
像	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
好	O	O
像	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
子	O	O
懂	O	O
事	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
宁	B-LOC	B-LOC
晋	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
渠	I-LOC	I-LOC
乡	E-LOC	E-LOC
在	O	O
3	O	O
5	O	O
所	O	O
中	O	O
小	O	O
学	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
了	O	O
孝	O	O
敬	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
课	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
孝	O	O
敬	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
、	O	O
尊	O	O
敬	O	O
长	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
品	O	O
德	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
旦	O	O
顾	O	O
客	O	O
买	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
后	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
是	O	O
劣	O	O
品	O	O
假	O	O
货	O	O
，	O	O
回	O	O
头	O	O
再	O	O
找	O	O
商	O	O
家	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
商	O	O
家	O	O
转	O	O
眼	O	O
就	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
上	O	O
帝	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
不	O	O
认	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
认	O	O
账	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
推	O	O
卸	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
胡	O	O
乱	O	O
扯	O	O
皮	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
丢	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
脑	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
判	O	O
断	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
于	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
可	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
书	O	O
（	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
连	O	O
着	O	O
你	O	O
我	O	O
他	O	O
）	O	O

三	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
月	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
上	O	O
午	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
给	O	O
嫁	O	O
在	O	O
同	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
拆	O	O
洗	O	O
被	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
地	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
公	O	O
安	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
和	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
平	O	O
息	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
股	O	O
蛊	O	O
惑	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
迷	O	O
信	O	O
风	O	O
潮	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
信	O	O
用	O	O
社	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
以	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
小	O	O
额	O	O
来	O	O
界	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
来	O	O
界	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
助	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
本	O	O
质	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
，	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
以	O	O
社	O	O
员	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
。	O	O

具	O	O
体	O	O
地	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
员	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
、	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
员	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
、	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
返	O	O
还	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
效	O	O
配	O	O
置	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
视	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
：	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
较	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
省	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
统	O	O
一	O	O
筹	O	O
集	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
年	O	O
限	O	O
内	O	O
向	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
还	O	O
清	O	O
本	O	O
金	O	O
和	O	O
利	O	O
息	O	O
；	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
财	O	O
务	O	O
挂	O	O
账	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
息	O	O
偿	O	O
还	O	O
由	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
金	O	O
归	O	O
还	O	O
由	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
归	O	O
还	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
可	O	O
视	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
财	O	O
力	O	O
状	O	O
况	O	O
分	O	O
短	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
、	O	O
长	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
段	O	O
还	O	O
清	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
中	O	O
二	O	O
者	O	O
也	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
分	O	O
开	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
两	O	O
级	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

粮	O	O
食	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
和	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
的	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
截	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O

前	O	O
者	O	O
是	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
流	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
与	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
脱	O	O
钩	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
行	O	O
使	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
职	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
参	O	O
与	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
干	O	O
预	O	O
粮	O	O
食	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
“	O	O
软	O	O
着	O	O
陆	O	O
”	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
从	O	O
供	O	O
给	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
使	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
或	O	O
略	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
、	O	O
物	O	O
价	O	O
涨	O	O
幅	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
内	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
瓶	O	O
颈	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
持	O	O
续	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
益	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
热	O	O
点	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
、	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
、	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
娱	O	O
乐	O	O
、	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
等	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
前	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
日	O	O
用	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
放	O	O
慢	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
约	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
数	O	O
量	O	O
类	O	O
型	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
过	O	O
剩	O	O
。	O	O

保	O	O
证	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
履	O	O
行	O	O
《	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
法	O	O
》	O	O
赋	O	O
予	O	O
的	O	O
职	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
人	O	O
事	O	O
任	O	O
免	O	O
权	O	O
；	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
和	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
；	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
对	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
会	O	O
者	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
由	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
会	O	O
（	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
董	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
（	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
层	O	O
（	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
）	O	O
、	O	O
监	O	O
事	O	O
会	O	O
（	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
）	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
运	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
制	O	O
衡	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
；	O	O
二	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
党	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
后	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
不	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
责	O	O
权	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
和	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
制	O	O
衡	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
妥	O	O
善	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
不	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
可	O	O
有	O	O
可	O	O
无	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
缺	O	O
乏	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
害	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
共	B-ORG	B-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
十	I-ORG	I-ORG
四	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
代	O	O
表	O	O
住	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
中	O	O
5	O	O
位	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

让	O	O
头	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
税	O	O
徽	O	O
更	O	O
明	O	O
亮	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
记	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
“	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
征	O	O
管	O	O
能	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
宋	B-PER	B-PER
敬	I-PER	I-PER
波	E-PER	E-PER

五	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
家	O	O
借	O	O
住	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
人	O	O
考	O	O
进	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
中	O	O
专	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
7	O	O
人	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
走	O	O
上	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
用	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
比	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
学	I-PER	I-PER
文	E-PER	E-PER
还	O	O
难	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O

万	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
已	O	O
，	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
忍	O	O
痛	O	O
让	O	O
考	O	O
入	O	O
高	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
学	I-PER	I-PER
文	E-PER	E-PER
辍	O	O
学	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
便	O	O
跟	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
一	O	O
样	O	O
到	O	O
外	O	O
省	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
工	O	O
地	O	O
去	O	O
抱	O	O
砖	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
汗	O	O
水	O	O
换	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
钱	O	O
养	O	O
家	O	O
糊	O	O
口	O	O
。	O	O

遇	O	O
到	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
患	O	O
病	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
端	O	O
水	O	O
送	O	O
药	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
断	O	O
粮	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
端	O	O
米	O	O
送	O	O
面	O	O
；	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
没	O	O
钱	O	O
买	O	O
文	O	O
具	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
三	O	O
元	O	O
五	O	O
元	O	O
地	O	O
接	O	O
济	O	O
；	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
高	O	O
考	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
饭	O	O
叫	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
来	O	O
家	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
吃	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
好	O	O
好	O	O
复	O	O
习	O	O
和	O	O
休	O	O
息	O	O
。	O	O

五	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
不	O	O
但	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
收	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
分	O	O
钱	O	O
的	O	O
房	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
还	O	O
按	O	O
月	O	O
替	O	O
住	O	O
宿	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
交	O	O
纳	O	O
水	O	O
电	O	O
费	O	O
，	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

丁	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
不	O	O
光	O	O
在	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
堪	O	O
称	O	O
典	O	O
范	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
德	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
更	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
敬	O	O
仰	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
她	O	O
竭	O	O
尽	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
救	O	O
助	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
听	O	O
了	O	O
都	O	O
会	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
乡	O	O
里	O	O
乡	O	O
亲	O	O
劝	O	O
丁	B-PER	B-PER
晓	I-PER	I-PER
莲	E-PER	E-PER
换	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

双	O	O
方	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
向	O	O
反	B-ORG	B-ORG
贪	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
派	O	O
驻	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
职	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
、	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
反	B-ORG	B-ORG
贪	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
将	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
整	O	O
改	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
少	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
指	O	O
选	O	O
、	O	O
派	O	O
选	O	O
、	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
在	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
后	O	O
随	O	O
意	O	O
更	O	O
换	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
前	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
不	O	O
平	O	O
衡	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
子	O	O
搞	O	O
得	O	O
好	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
子	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
太	O	O
顺	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
中	O	O
还	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
候	O	O
选	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
村	O	O
党	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	B-ORG
民	O	I-ORG
小	O	I-ORG
组	O	E-ORG
、	O	O
十	O	O
人	O	O
联	O	O
名	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
荐	O	O
提	O	O
名	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
身	O	O
边	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
讲	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
。	O	O

立	O	O
足	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
：	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
新	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
确	O	O
认	O	O
了	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
是	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
性	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	B-ORG
委	O	I-ORG
会	O	E-ORG
成	O	O
员	O	O
由	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
办	O	O
理	O	O
居	O	O
住	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
共	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
及	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
解	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
纠	O	O
纷	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
治	O	O
安	O	O
等	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
事	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
庄	O	O
一	O	O
村	O	O
虽	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
村	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
最	O	O
小	O	O
、	O	O
最	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
它	O	O
却	O	O
囊	O	O
括	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
各	O	O
样	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
立	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
村	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
治	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
顺	O	O
乎	O	O
民	O	O
心	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
均	O	O
月	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
持	O	O
《	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
低	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
户	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
金	O	O
领	O	O
取	O	O
证	O	O
》	O	O
按	O	O
月	O	O
到	O	O
乡	O	O
民	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
领	O	O
取	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
差	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
补	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O

朝	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
确	O	O
定	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
最	O	O
低	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
线	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
比	O	O
赛	O	O
由	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
高	I-ORG	I-ORG
尔	I-ORG	I-ORG
夫	I-ORG	I-ORG
球	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
材	I-ORG	I-ORG
料	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
共	O	O
同	O	O
主	O	O
办	O	O
、	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
太	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
济	I-ORG	I-ORG
文	I-ORG	I-ORG
化	I-ORG	I-ORG
咨	I-ORG	I-ORG
询	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
承	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
八	O	O
届	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
拳	O	O
击	O	O
赛	O	O
六	O	O
月	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	O	O
幕	O	O
。	O	O

好	O	O
在	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
黑	O	O
人	O	O
能	O	O
歌	O	O
善	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
一	O	O
当	O	O
十	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
人	O	O
韵	O	O
律	O	O
十	O	O
足	O	O
的	O	O
吉	B-PER	O
姆	E-PER	O
舞	O	O
表	O	O
演	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
抢	O	O
来	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
昭	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
杯	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
骗	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
掮	O	O
客	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
粉	O	O
墨	O	O
登	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
花	O	O
都	O	O
上	O	O
演	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
幕	O	O
幕	O	O
悲	O	O
喜	O	O
剧	O	O
。	O	O

说	O	O
是	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
异	O	O
吧	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
文	O	O
化	O	O
应	O	O
源	O	O
于	O	O
欧	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
非	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
又	O	O
恰	O	O
恰	O	O
热	O	O
衷	O	O
于	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
这	O	O
并	O	O
非	O	O
是	O	O
两	O	O
种	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
对	O	O
足	O	O
球	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
谛	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
得	O	O
太	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O

舆	O	O
论	O	O
仍	O	O
看	O	O
好	O	O
意	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
b	O	O
组	O	O
出	O	O
线	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
简	O	O
析	O	O
（	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
西	E-LOC	E-LOC
传	O	O
真	O	O
）	O	O

战	O	O
后	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
东	B-PER	B-PER
史	I-PER	I-PER
郎	E-PER	E-PER
不	O	O
断	O	O
反	O	O
省	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
侵	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
罪	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
将	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
屠	O	O
杀	O	O
真	O	O
相	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
于	O	O
众	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
为	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
青	O	O
工	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
团	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
依	O	O
托	O	O
团	O	O
内	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
阵	O	O
地	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
联	O	O
络	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
委	O	O
托	O	O
用	O	O
人	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
力	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
青	O	O
工	O	O
培	O	O
训	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
训	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
占	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
青	O	O
工	O	O
总	O	O
人	O	O
数	O	O
的	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

共	B-ORG	B-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
四	I-ORG	I-ORG
川	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
黄	B-PER	B-PER
新	I-PER	I-PER
初	E-PER	E-PER
告	O	O
诉	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
在	O	O
四	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
说	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
团	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
青	O	O
工	O	O
的	O	O
连	O	O
心	O	O
桥	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
团	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
再	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
要	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
太	I-PER	I-PER
雷	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
遗	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
好	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
乡	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
告	O	O
慰	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
太	I-PER	I-PER
雷	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
龚	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
泉	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
早	O	O
期	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
义	I-ORG	I-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
年	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
创	O	O
始	O	O
人	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
太	I-PER	I-PER
雷	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
诞	O	O
辰	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
日	O	O
。	O	O

迟	B-PER	B-PER
浩	I-PER	I-PER
田	E-PER	E-PER
会	O	O
见	O	O
秘	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	E-LOC	E-LOC
客	O	O
人	O	O
据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
迟	B-PER	B-PER
浩	I-PER	I-PER
田	E-PER	E-PER
上	O	O
将	O	O
今	O	O
晚	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
来	O	O
访	O	O
的	O	O
秘	B-ORG	B-ORG
鲁	I-ORG	I-ORG
武	I-ORG	I-ORG
装	I-ORG	I-ORG
力	I-ORG	I-ORG
量	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
指	I-ORG	I-ORG
挥	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
埃	B-PER	B-PER
尔	I-PER	I-PER
莫	I-PER	I-PER
萨	E-PER	E-PER
上	O	O
将	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
七	I-ORG	I-ORG
次	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
代	I-ORG	I-ORG
表	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
第	O	O
九	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
、	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

韩	B-PER	B-PER
杼	I-PER	I-PER
滨	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
严	O	O
惩	O	O
犯	O	O
毒	O	O
、	O	O
吸	O	O
毒	O	O
、	O	O
卖	O	O
毒	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
检	O	O
察	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
要	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
征	O	O
管	O	O
法	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
坏	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
收	O	O
少	O	O
收	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
钱	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
还	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

税	O	O
收	O	O
征	O	O
管	O	O
法	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
协	O	O
调	O	O
征	O	O
纳	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
税	O	O
收	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
法	O	O
治	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
化	O	O
、	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
起	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
沈	B-PER	O
钧	I-PER	O
儒	E-PER	O
铜	O	O
像	O	O
在	O	O
纪	B-LOC	B-LOC
念	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
揭	O	O
幕	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
沈	B-PER	O
钧	I-PER	O
儒	E-PER	O
》	O	O
画	O	O
册	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
首	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
党	O	O
报	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
鑫	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
评	B-ORG	O
论	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
即	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
《	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
论	O	O
坛	O	O
》	O	O
有	O	O
奖	O	O
征	O	O
文	O	O
。	O	O

变	O	O
化	O	O
快	O	O
、	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
转	O	O
型	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
津	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
石	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
庄	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
原	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
呼	B-LOC	B-LOC
和	I-LOC	I-LOC
浩	I-LOC	I-LOC
特	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
沈	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
连	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
春	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
哈	B-LOC	B-LOC
尔	I-LOC	I-LOC
滨	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
杭	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
合	B-LOC	B-LOC
肥	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
福	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
昌	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
大	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
济	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
青	B-LOC	B-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
郑	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
沙	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
海	B-LOC	B-LOC
口	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
雷	O	O
阵	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
重	B-LOC	B-LOC
庆	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
昆	B-LOC	B-LOC
明	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
兰	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
宁	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O
银	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
晴	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
乌	B-LOC	B-LOC
鲁	I-LOC	I-LOC
木	I-LOC	I-LOC
齐	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
澳	B-LOC	B-LOC
门	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
曼	B-LOC	B-LOC
谷	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
悉	B-LOC	B-LOC
尼	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
卡	B-LOC	B-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
奇	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
开	B-LOC	B-LOC
罗	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
莫	B-LOC	B-LOC
斯	I-LOC	I-LOC
科	E-LOC	E-LOC
晴	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
法	B-LOC	B-LOC
兰	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	I-LOC	I-LOC
福	E-LOC	E-LOC
小	O	O
雨	O	O
转	O	O
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
巴	B-LOC	B-LOC
黎	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
伦	B-LOC	B-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
阴	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
纽	B-LOC	B-LOC
约	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
云	O	O
转	O	O
阴	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
／	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
℃	O	O

自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
天	B-LOC	B-LOC
水	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
公	O	O
祭	O	O
伏	B-PER	O
羲	E-PER	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
夏	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
祭	O	O
奠	O	O
先	O	O
祖	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
不	O	O
挑	O	O
不	O	O
拣	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
活	O	O
就	O	O
干	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
市	O	B-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
、	O	O
市	O	B-ORG
政	O	I-ORG
府	O	I-ORG
发	O	I-ORG
动	O	I-ORG
工	O	I-ORG
会	O	E-ORG
、	O	O
共	O	B-ORG
青	O	I-ORG
团	O	E-ORG
、	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
给	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
讲	O	O
道	O	O
理	O	O
：	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
脏	O	O
活	O	O
、	O	O
累	O	O
活	O	O
仍	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
来	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
干	O	O
就	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
就	O	O
业	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
工	O	O
会	O	O
、	O	O
共	O	B-ORG
青	O	I-ORG
团	O	E-ORG
、	O	O
妇	O	O
联	O	O
，	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
报	O	O
纸	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
、	O	O
广	O	O
播	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
择	O	O
业	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
坐	O	O
标	O	O
：	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
共	I-LOC	I-LOC
“	I-LOC	I-LOC
一	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
”	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
址	I-LOC	I-LOC
纪	I-LOC	I-LOC
念	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
2	O	O
年	O	O
开	O	O
馆	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
累	O	O
计	O	O
接	O	O
待	O	O
了	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
参	O	O
观	O	O
者	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
次	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
对	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
核	O	O
军	O	O
备	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
忧	O	O
虑	O	O
和	O	O
不	O	O
安	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
和	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
迟	B-PER	B-PER
浩	I-PER	I-PER
田	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
：	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
局	O	O
势	O	O
紧	O	O
张	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
蓄	O	O
意	O	O
制	O	O
造	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
威	O	O
胁	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
和	O	O
挑	O	O
起	O	O
核	O	O
军	O	O
备	O	O
竞	O	O
赛	O	O
所	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
威	O	O
胁	O	O
论	O	O
”	O	O
是	O	O
别	O	O
有	O	O
用	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
的	O	O
无	O	O
稽	O	O
之	O	O
谈	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
、	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
新	O	O
兴	O	O
石	O	B-LOC
化	O	I-LOC
城	O	E-LOC
濮	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
最	O	O
近	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
验	O	O
收	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
林	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
意	S-LOC	O
方	O	O
也	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
视	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
在	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
与	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
两	O	O
国	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

牛	B-PER	B-PER
得	I-PER	I-PER
草	E-PER	E-PER
原	O	O
名	O	O
牛	B-PER	B-PER
俊	I-PER	I-PER
国	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
豫	O	O
剧	O	O
名	O	O
丑	O	O
，	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
开	B-LOC	O
封	E-LOC	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
演	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
鹤	B-ORG	B-ORG
壁	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
豫	I-ORG	I-ORG
剧	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
团	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
郑	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
（	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
体	I-PER	I-PER
义	E-PER	E-PER
）	O	O
“	O	O
当	O	O
官	O	O
不	O	O
为	O	O
民	O	O
做	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
卖	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

受	O	O
训	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
吃	O	O
住	O	O
在	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
按	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
制	O	O
分	O	O
排	O	O
编	O	O
班	O	O
，	O	O
吹	O	O
军	O	O
号	O	O
作	O	O
息	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
武	B-ORG	O
装	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
带	O	O
领	O	O
，	O	O
列	O	O
队	O	O
出	O	O
操	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
务	O	O
按	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
整	O	O
理	O	O
。	O	O

3	O	O
：	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	E-LOC	E-LOC
博	B-LOC	B-LOC
野	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
农	O	O
民	O	O
程	B-PER	O
汉	I-PER	O
坤	E-PER	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
收	O	O
割	O	O
机	O	O
行	O	O
驶	O	O
到	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
安	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
境	O	O
内	O	O
被	O	O
强	O	O
行	O	O
拦	O	O
截	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
被	O	O
推	O	O
下	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
迟	B-PER	B-PER
浩	I-PER	I-PER
田	E-PER	E-PER
上	O	O
将	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
下	O	O
午	O	O
在	O	O
钓	B-ORG	B-ORG
鱼	I-ORG	I-ORG
台	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
宾	I-ORG	I-ORG
馆	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
缅	B-ORG	B-ORG
甸	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
司	O	O
令	O	O
觉	B-PER	O
丹	E-PER	O
少	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

周	S-PER	S-PER
总	O	O
理	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
供	O	O
水	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
举	O	O
办	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
列	O	O
入	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
都	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
有	O	O
丝	O	O
毫	O	O
动	O	O
摇	O	O
。	O	O

明	O	O
天	O	O
气	O	O
象	O	O
预	O	O
报	O	O
（	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
9	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
—	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
日	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
时	O	O
）	O	O

这	O	O
项	O	O
试	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
长	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
万	I-PER	I-PER
祺	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
致	O	O
词	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
澳	B-ORG	B-ORG
门	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
伊	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
维	O	O
护	O	O
工	O	O
商	O	O
界	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
、	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
，	O	O
致	O	O
力	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
葡	S-LOC	S-LOC
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
友	O	O
谊	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
物	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
为	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
爱	I-ORG	I-ORG
丁	I-ORG	I-ORG
堡	I-ORG	I-ORG
皇	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
荣	O	O
誉	O	O
会	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
院	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
艺	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
与	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
院	O	O
士	O	O
。	O	O

图	O	O
为	O	O
该	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
型	O	O
邮	O	O
件	O	O
输	O	O
送	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O

6	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	I-LOC	E-LOC
新	I-LOC	B-LOC
国	I-LOC	I-LOC
际	I-LOC	I-LOC
机	I-LOC	I-LOC
场	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
耗	O	O
资	O	O
5	O	O
．	O	O
6	O	O
亿	O	O
多	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
邮	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
邮	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
落	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
于	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
6	O	O
日	O	O
起	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
。	O	O

香	B-ORG	B-ORG
港	I-ORG	I-ORG
邮	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
邮	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
落	O	O
成	O	O
启	O	O
用	O	O
（	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
）	O	O

碑	O	O
文	O	O
上	O	O
写	O	O
着	O	O
：	O	O
在	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
大	O	O
战	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
美	S-LOC	S-LOC
两	O	O
国	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
抗	O	O
击	O	O
日	B-LOC	B-LOC
本	E-LOC	E-LOC
法	O	O
西	O	O
斯	O	O
侵	O	O
略	O	O
者	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
陆	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
1	I-ORG	I-ORG
4	I-ORG	I-ORG
航	I-ORG	I-ORG
空	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	I-ORG	E-ORG
3	I-ORG	O
7	I-ORG	O
5	I-ORG	O
轰	I-ORG	O
炸	I-ORG	O
中	I-ORG	O
队	E-ORG	O
一	O	O
架	O	O
b	O	O
—	O	O
2	O	O
4	O	O
轰	O	O
炸	O	O
机	O	O
不	O	O
幸	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
3	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
北	O	B-LOC
猫	B-LOC	I-LOC
儿	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
坠	O	O
毁	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
名	O	O
机	O	O
组	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
遇	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

广	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	E-LOC	I-LOC
区	O	E-LOC
政	O	O
府	O	O
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
文	I-PER	I-PER
学	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
西	I-LOC	I-LOC
军	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
司	O	O
令	O	O
员	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
裕	E-PER	E-PER
少	O	O
将	O	O
、	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
外	B-ORG	B-ORG
交	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	I-LOC	I-LOC
军	I-LOC	I-LOC
区	E-LOC	E-LOC
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
和	O	O
美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
驻	I-ORG	I-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
使	I-ORG	I-ORG
馆	E-ORG	E-ORG
武	O	O
官	O	O
艾	B-PER	B-PER
江	I-PER	I-PER
山	E-PER	E-PER
准	O	O
将	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
揭	O	O
幕	O	O
仪	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-LOC	B-ORG
京	E-LOC	I-ORG
是	O	I-ORG
爱	B-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
乐	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
自	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
4	O	O
日	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
的	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
巡	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
站	O	O
。	O	O

●	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
忠	I-PER	I-PER
禹	E-PER	E-PER
会	O	O
见	O	O
尼	B-LOC	B-LOC
日	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
客	O	O
人	O	O
据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
国	O	O
务	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
兼	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
忠	I-PER	I-PER
禹	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
尼	B-ORG	B-ORG
日	I-ORG	I-ORG
利	I-ORG	I-ORG
亚	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
乌	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
曼	E-PER	E-PER
及	O	O
其	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

●	O	O
许	B-PER	B-PER
嘉	I-PER	I-PER
璐	E-PER	E-PER
会	O	O
见	O	O
斯	B-LOC	B-LOC
洛	I-LOC	I-LOC
伐	I-LOC	I-LOC
克	E-LOC	E-LOC
客	O	O
人	O	O
据	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
6	O	O
月	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
电	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
许	B-PER	B-PER
嘉	I-PER	I-PER
璐	E-PER	E-PER
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
斯	B-ORG	B-ORG
洛	I-ORG	I-ORG
伐	I-ORG	I-ORG
克	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
长	O	O
埃	B-PER	B-PER
娃	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
拉	I-PER	I-PER
夫	I-PER	I-PER
科	I-PER	I-PER
夫	I-PER	I-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
卡	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

布	B-PER	B-PER
什	E-PER	E-PER
一	O	O
行	O	O
是	O	O
应	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
对	I-ORG	I-ORG
外	I-ORG	I-ORG
友	I-ORG	I-ORG
好	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
邀	O	O
请	O	O
来	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
访	O	O
问	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
万	I-PER	I-PER
年	E-PER	E-PER
上	O	O
将	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-LOC	B-LOC
民	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
会	I-LOC	I-LOC
堂	E-LOC	E-LOC
会	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
芬	B-ORG	B-ORG
兰	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
防	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
总	O	O
司	O	O
令	O	O
古	B-PER	B-PER
斯	I-PER	I-PER
塔	I-PER	I-PER
夫	I-PER	I-PER
·	I-PER	I-PER
哈	I-PER	I-PER
格	I-PER	I-PER
隆	I-PER	I-PER
德	E-PER	E-PER
上	O	O
将	O	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
知	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
『	O	O
做	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
』	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
有	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
在	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
关	O	O
于	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
论	O	O
述	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
全	O	O
心	O	O
全	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
性	O	O
；	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
、	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
法	O	O
权	O	O
益	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
与	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
相	O	O
关	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
等	O	O
办	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
坎	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
；	O	O
紧	O	O
扣	O	O
『	O	O
为	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
宗	O	O
旨	O	O
和	O	O
『	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
形	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
好	O	O
『	O	O
做	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
』	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
中	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
典	O	O
型	O	O
事	O	O
迹	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
和	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
选	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
到	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
到	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
条	O	O
百	O	O
里	O	O
江	O	O
堤	O	O
逶	O	O
迤	O	O
长	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
下	O	O
游	O	O
南	O	O
岸	O	O
，	O	O
横	O	O
贯	O	O
沿	O	O
江	S-LOC	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
个	O	O
国	O	O
营	O	O
场	O	O
圃	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
张	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
港	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
道	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
永	I-PER	I-PER
义	E-PER	E-PER
采	O	O
取	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
保	O	O
暖	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
娇	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
牡	O	O
丹	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
了	O	O
塞	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
寒	O	O
冷	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
他	O	O
历	O	O
任	O	O
三	B-ORG	O
五	I-ORG	O
八	I-ORG	O
旅	I-ORG	O
直	I-ORG	O
属	I-ORG	O
队	I-ORG	O
政	I-ORG	O
治	I-ORG	O
处	E-ORG	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
延	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
抗	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
三	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
教	O	O
导	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
华	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
抗	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
处	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
淮	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
独	I-ORG	I-ORG
立	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
政	O	O
委	O	O
，	O	O
二	B-ORG	O
纵	I-ORG	O
四	I-ORG	O
师	I-ORG	O
十	I-ORG	O
一	I-ORG	O
团	E-ORG	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
，	O	O
四	B-ORG	O
野	I-ORG	O
三	I-ORG	O
十	I-ORG	O
九	I-ORG	O
军	I-ORG	O
后	I-ORG	O
勤	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
政	O	O
委	O	O
等	O	O
职	O	O
。	O	O

看	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
灰	O	O
色	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
』	O	O
使	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
意	O	O
志	O	O
不	O	O
坚	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
上	O	O
却	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
腐	O	O
蚀	O	O
、	O	O
吞	O	O
噬	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
发	O	O
黑	O	O
、	O	O
变	O	O
质	O	O
、	O	O
烂	O	O
掉	O	O
！	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
副	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
发	O	O
给	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
薪	O	O
、	O	O
奖	O	O
金	O	O
外	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
『	O	O
灰	O	O
色	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
叫	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
相	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
又	O	O
使	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
信	O	O
！	O	O

对	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
在	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
按	O	O
原	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
比	O	O
例	O	O
折	O	O
价	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
性	O	O
卖	O	O
给	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
，	O	O
话	O	O
费	O	O
自	O	O
理	O	O
；	O	O
将	O	O
借	O	O
用	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
或	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
退	O	O
还	O	O
给	O	O
原	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
或	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
；	O	O
在	O	O
未	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
之	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
手	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
一	O	O
律	O	O
封	O	O
存	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
向	O	O
各	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
省	O	O
直	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
紧	O	O
急	O	O
电	O	O
报	O	O
通	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
石	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
庄	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
清	O	O
理	O	O
公	O	O
费	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
做	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

市	O	B-ORG
县	O	I-ORG
电	O	I-ORG
信	O	I-ORG
局	O	E-ORG
提	O	O
供	O	O
底	O	O
数	O	O
，	O	O
印	O	O
发	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
表	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
由	O	O
县	O	O
处	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
、	O	O
科	O	O
级	O	O
以	O	O
下	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
将	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
登	O	O
记	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
上	O	O
墙	O	O
公	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
底	O	O
，	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
共	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
核	O	O
查	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
、	O	O
财	O	O
政	O	O
拨	O	O
款	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
公	O	O
费	O	O
移	O	O
动	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
4	O	O
4	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
1	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
对	O	O
违	O	O
规	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
2	O	O
部	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
收	O	O
缴	O	O
、	O	O
折	O	O
价	O	O
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
3	O	O
3	O	O
8	O	O
2	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
折	O	O
价	O	O
归	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
退	O	O
还	O	O
或	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
5	O	O
3	O	O
7	O	O
0	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
；	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
公	O	O
费	O	O
住	O	O
宅	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
5	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
9	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
已	O	O
对	O	O
违	O	O
反	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
6	O	O
6	O	O
部	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
撤	O	O
销	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
转	O	O
自	O	O
费	O	O
8	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
6	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
退	O	O
还	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
3	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
它	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
9	O	O
1	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
回	O	O
资	O	O
金	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
9	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

周	O	O
围	O	O
不	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
平	O	O
方	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
小	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
家	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
饭	O	O
店	O	O
、	O	O
百	O	O
货	O	O
商	O	O
厦	O	O
，	O	O
四	O	O
周	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
密	O	O
集	O	O
，	O	O
行	O	O
人	O	O
如	O	O
流	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
证	O	O
”	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
与	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
能	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
，	O	O
照	O	O
说	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
踊	O	O
跃	O	O
领	O	O
取	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
为	O	O
啥	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
不	O	O
愿	O	O
领	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

此	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
魏	B-PER	B-PER
源	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
小	B-LOC	O
卷	I-LOC	O
阿	E-LOC	O
寓	O	O
所	O	O
潜	O	O
心	O	O
著	O	O
述	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
《	O	O
海	O	O
国	O	O
图	O	O
志	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
师	O	O
夷	O	O
长	O	O
技	O	O
以	O	O
制	O	O
夷	O	O
”	O	O
治	O	O
国	O	O
之	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
在	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
入	O	O
党	O	O
志	O	O
愿	O	O
书	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
写	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
：	O	O

旧	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
戏	O	O
行	O	O
被	O	O
称	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
义	O	O
行	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
艺	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
靠	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
不	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
程	S-PER	S-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
就	O	O
被	O	O
某	O	O
军	O	O
阀	O	O
欺	O	O
辱	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
和	O	O
众	O	O
多	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
与	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
恩	I-PER	I-PER
来	E-PER	E-PER
相	O	O
识	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
文	O	O
代	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	E-ORG
议	E-ORG	O
。	O	O

程	S-PER	S-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
伴	O	O
着	O	O
这	O	O
张	O	O
纸	O	O
条	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
迎	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
坚	O	O
持	O	O
自	O	O
我	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
马	S-PER	S-PER
列	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
中	O	B-ORG
心	O	E-ORG
是	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
统	O	O
战	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
、	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
等	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
（	O	O
自	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
辅	O	O
导	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
与	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
研	O	O
讨	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
、	O	O
校	O	O
内	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
与	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
考	O	O
察	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
）	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
学	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
和	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
马	S-PER	S-PER
列	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
、	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
与	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
和	O	O
无	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
通	O	O
过	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
主	I-ORG	I-ORG
义	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
教	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
呕	O	O
心	O	O
沥	O	O
血	O	O
、	O	O
哺	O	O
英	O	O
育	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
仅	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
、	O	O
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
就	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
名	O	O
。	O	O

—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
记	O	O
安	B-ORG	B-ORG
徽	I-ORG	I-ORG
省	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
盟	E-ORG	I-ORG
主	O	I-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
、	O	O
合	B-ORG	B-ORG
肥	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
博	O	O
士	O	O
生	O	O
导	O	O
师	O	O
岳	B-PER	B-PER
书	I-PER	I-PER
仓	E-PER	E-PER

民	B-ORG	O
进	E-ORG	O
在	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
最	O	O
初	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
纲	O	O
领	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
主	O	O
张	O	O
是	O	O
结	O	O
束	O	O
一	O	O
党	O	O
专	O	O
政	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
政	O	O
于	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
停	O	O
止	O	O
内	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
自	O	O
由	O	O
权	O	O
利	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

抗	O	O
战	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
叙	I-PER	I-PER
伦	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
郑	B-PER	B-PER
振	I-PER	I-PER
铎	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
柯	B-PER	B-PER
灵	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
内	O	O
战	O	O
、	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
和	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
独	O	O
裁	O	O
、	O	O
争	O	O
取	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
的	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

就	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
：	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
“	O	O
双	O	O
基	O	O
”	O	O
：	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
九	O	O
年	O	O
制	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
；	O	O
本	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
末	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
扫	O	O
除	O	O
文	O	O
盲	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
深	O	O
感	O	O
身	O	O
上	O	O
担	O	O
子	O	O
之	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
科	O	O
教	O	O
兴	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
9	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-ORG
安	E-LOC	I-ORG
高	O	I-ORG
新	O	I-ORG
区	O	I-ORG
经	O	I-ORG
国	B-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
批	O	O
准	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
对	O	O
亚	B-ORG	B-ORG
太	I-ORG	I-ORG
经	I-ORG	I-ORG
合	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	E-ORG	E-ORG
开	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
党	O	O
外	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
宗	I-PER	I-PER
兴	E-PER	E-PER
很	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
与	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
的	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
沟	O	O
通	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
决	O	O
策	O	O
请	O	O
示	O	O
党	O	O
委	O	O
，	O	O
党	O	B-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
一	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
对	O	O
他	O	O
也	O	O
很	O	O
尊	O	O
重	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
和	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
共	B-ORG	B-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
党	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
协	O	O
商	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
和	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
共	O	O
存	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
肝	O	O
胆	O	O
相	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
荣	O	O
辱	O	O
与	O	O
共	O	O
。	O	O

5	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
中	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
同	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
同	O	O
各	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
党	O	O
派	O	O
“	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
共	O	O
存	O	O
，	O	O
互	O	O
相	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
共	B-ORG	B-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
多	O	O
党	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
奠	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
逝	O	O
世	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
周	O	O
年	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
分	O	O
外	O	O
欣	O	O
慰	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
海	O	O
内	O	O
外	O	O
的	O	O
至	O	O
亲	O	O
好	O	O
友	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
弥	O	O
留	O	O
之	O	O
际	O	O
愿	O	O
将	O	O
遗	O	O
留	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
为	O	O
未	O	O
竟	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
再	O	O
作	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
的	O	O
遗	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
下	O	O
并	O	O
经	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
批	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
庄	B-ORG	B-ORG
希	I-ORG	I-ORG
泉	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
。	O	O

抗	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
战	O	O
争	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
从	O	O
菲	B-LOC	B-LOC
律	I-LOC	I-LOC
宾	E-LOC	E-LOC
移	O	O
居	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
置	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
流	O	O
落	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
抗	O	O
战	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
又	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
与	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
闽	B-ORG	O
台	I-ORG	O
抗	I-ORG	O
日	I-ORG	S-LOC
救	I-ORG	O
亡	I-ORG	O
同	I-ORG	O
志	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
湾	E-LOC	E-LOC
革	O	O
命	O	O
同	O	O
盟	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
救	O	O
济	O	O
难	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
《	B-ORG	O
战	I-ORG	O
时	I-ORG	O
日	I-ORG	B-ORG
本	I-ORG	I-ORG
》	I-ORG	I-ORG
杂	I-ORG	I-ORG
志	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
全	O	O
力	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
抗	O	O
日	S-LOC	S-LOC
救	O	O
国	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

父	O	O
亲	O	O
以	O	O
被	O	O
华	S-LOC	S-LOC
侨	O	O
誉	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
伟	O	O
丈	O	O
夫	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
英	O	O
勇	O	O
气	O	O
概	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
贞	O	O
不	O	O
屈	O	O
而	O	O
又	O	O
机	O	O
智	O	O
果	O	O
敢	O	O
地	O	O
与	O	O
殖	O	O
民	O	O
当	O	O
局	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
了	O	O
针	O	O
锋	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
斗	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
官	O	O
司	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
打	O	O
到	O	O
英	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
伦	B-LOC	B-LOC
敦	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
下	O	O
令	O	O
拘	O	O
捕	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
并	O	O
把	O	O
他	O	O
关	O	O
进	O	O
监	O	O
狱	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
秘	O	O
密	O	O
审	O	O
讯	O	O
。	O	O

值	O	O
得	O	O
欣	O	O
喜	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
未	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
那	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
悲	O	O
痛	O	O
的	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
追	O	O
思	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
历	O	O
尽	O	O
沧	O	O
桑	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
：	O	O
他	O	O
从	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
辛	O	O
亥	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
时	O	O
在	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
同	B-ORG	O
盟	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
爱	O	O
国	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
求	O	O
真	O	O
务	O	O
实	O	O
地	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
富	O	O
强	O	O
而	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
不	O	O
息	O	O
、	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
到	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
担	O	O
任	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
侨	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
委	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
侨	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
、	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
主	O	O
席	O	O
等	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
职	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
岁	O	O
高	O	O
龄	O	O
加	O	O
入	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
忠	O	O
诚	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
英	O	O
名	O	O
永	O	O
存	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
史	O	O
册	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
妇	O	O
产	O	O
科	O	O
门	O	O
诊	O	O
、	O	O
住	O	O
院	O	O
床	O	O
位	O	O
及	O	O
面	O	O
积	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
器	O	O
械	O	O
、	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
及	O	O
用	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
此	O	O
来	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
住	O	O
院	O	O
分	O	O
娩	O	O
及	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
所	O	O
必	O	O
备	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
及	O	O
交	O	O
通	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
所	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
孕	O	O
产	O	O
妇	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
都	O	O
到	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
住	O	O
院	O	O
分	O	O
娩	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
在	O	O
乡	O	O
（	O	O
镇	O	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
院	O	O
分	O	O
娩	O	O
。	O	O

降	O	O
低	O	O
孕	O	O
产	O	O
妇	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
和	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
责	O	O
无	O	O
旁	O	O
贷	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
剖	O	O
宫	O	O
产	O	O
上	O	O
升	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
母	O	O
婴	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
率	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
随	O	O
着	O	O
围	O	O
产	O	O
医	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
和	O	O
产	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
：	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
监	O	O
护	O	O
、	O	O
b	O	O
超	O	O
等	O	O
监	O	O
护	O	O
手	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
加	O	O
麻	O	O
醉	O	O
及	O	O
手	O	O
术	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
剖	O	O
宫	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
而	O	O
剖	O	O
宫	O	O
产	O	O
率	O	O
升	O	O
高	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
性	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

接	O	O
触	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
：	O	O
纺	O	O
织	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
风	O	O
动	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
动	O	O
机	O	O
试	O	O
验	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
胚	O	O
胎	O	O
及	O	O
胎	O	O
儿	O	O
对	O	O
有	O	O
害	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
毒	O	O
性	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
较	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
敏	O	O
感	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
有	O	O
害	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
度	O	O
对	O	O
父	O	O
母	O	O
尚	O	O
未	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
临	O	O
床	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
对	O	O
子	O	O
代	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
受	O	O
疾	O	O
病	O	O
、	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
、	O	O
伤	O	O
残	O	O
的	O	O
威	O	O
胁	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
孕	O	O
产	O	O
妇	O	O
与	O	O
胎	O	O
婴	O	O
儿	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
人	O	O
群	O	O
。	O	O

母	O	O
亲	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
患	O	O
佝	O	O
偻	O	O
病	O	O
将	O	O
来	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
难	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
危	O	O
及	O	O
母	O	O
婴	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
或	O	O
是	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
产	O	O
伤	O	O
使	O	O
小	O	O
儿	O	O
致	O	O
残	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
承	O	O
诺	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
：	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
及	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
产	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
均	O	O
已	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
爱	O	O
婴	O	O
医	O	O
院	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
共	O	O
5	O	O
8	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
所	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
7	O	O
1	O	O
所	O	O
有	O	O
产	O	O
科	O	O
的	O	O
乡	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
院	O	O
也	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
爱	O	O
婴	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
院	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
4	O	O
个	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
社	O	O
区	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
妇	O	O
幼	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
跑	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
钢	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
最	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
种	O	O
钢	O	O
材	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
苛	O	O
刻	O	O
地	O	O
筛	O	O
选	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
机	O	O
械	O	O
精	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
深	O	O
知	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
付	O	O
出	O	O
和	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
最	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
这	O	O
项	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
。	O	O

武	B-PER	B-PER
斌	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
是	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
汽	O	O
车	O	O
尾	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
污	O	O
染	O	O
。	O	O

刚	O	O
劲	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
字	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
达	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
声	O	O
：	O	O
对	O	O
祖	O	O
宗	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
。	O	O

—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
爱	O	O
鸟	O	O
护	O	O
鸟	O	O
和	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
生	O	O
态	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
杜	O	O
绝	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
法	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
在	O	O
更	O	O
大	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
内	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
候	O	O
鸟	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
戴	I-ORG	I-ORG
河	I-ORG	I-ORG
“	I-ORG	I-ORG
鸟	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	E-ORG
”	E-ORG	O
特	O	O
地	O	O
与	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
际	I-ORG	I-ORG
鹤	I-ORG	I-ORG
类	I-ORG	I-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
护	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
及	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
几	O	O
处	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
戴	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
举	O	O
办	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
和	O	O
环	O	O
保	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
大	O	O
赛	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
参	O	O
赛	O	O
队	O	O
有	O	O
7	O	O
支	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
、	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
宾	O	O
馆	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
员	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
鸟	O	O
迷	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
痴	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
年	O	O
迈	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
和	O	O
天	O	O
真	O	O
烂	O	O
漫	O	O
的	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
托	B-PER	O
尼	E-PER	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
戴	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
第	O	O
四	O	O
个	O	O
观	O	O
鸟	O	O
胜	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
惜	O	O
也	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

晚	O	O
9	O	O
时	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
鸟	O	O
迷	O	O
、	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
托	B-PER	O
尼	E-PER	O
率	O	O
领	O	O
的	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-LOC
国	I-ORG	E-LOC
“	I-ORG	O
野	I-ORG	O
翅	I-ORG	O
膀	I-ORG	O
”	I-ORG	O
观	I-ORG	O
鸟	I-ORG	O
团	E-ORG	O
一	O	O
行	O	O
2	O	O
9	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
吃	O	O
完	O	O
晚	O	O
饭	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
金	B-ORG	B-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
宾	I-ORG	I-ORG
馆	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
大	O	O
酒	O	O
吧	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
喝	O	O
着	O	O
青	B-LOC	B-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
啤	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
边	O	O
兴	O	O
致	O	O
勃	O	O
勃	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
答	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
问	O	O
。	O	O

晚	O	O
8	O	O
时	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
分	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
鸟	O	O
类	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
鲍	B-PER	B-PER
尔	E-PER	E-PER
为	O	O
领	O	O
队	O	O
的	O	O
英	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
曼	I-ORG	I-ORG
切	I-ORG	I-ORG
斯	I-ORG	I-ORG
特	I-ORG	I-ORG
观	I-ORG	I-ORG
鸟	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
一	O	O
行	O	O
6	O	O
人	O	O
风	O	O
尘	O	O
仆	O	O
仆	O	O
地	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
驻	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
地	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
了	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
济	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
靠	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
力	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

用	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
和	O	O
常	O	O
识	O	O
来	O	O
衡	O	O
量	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
全	O	O
集	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
者	O	O
用	O	O
心	O	O
良	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
地	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
到	O	O
初	O	O
次	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
体	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
图	O	O
和	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
次	O	O
入	O	O
集	O	O
的	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
更	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
易	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
况	O	O
还	O	O
对	O	O
新	O	O
收	O	O
集	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
都	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
。	O	O

许	O	O
是	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
者	O	O
虑	O	O
及	O	O
日	O	O
记	O	O
字	O	O
数	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
太	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
将	O	O
家	O	O
书	O	O
从	O	O
书	O	O
信	O	O
中	O	O
抽	O	O
出	O	O
并	O	O
入	O	O
此	O	O
卷	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
然	O	O
家	O	O
书	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
书	O	O
信	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
理	O	O
由	O	O
独	O	O
立	O	O
另	O	O
标	O	O
一	O	O
辑	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
收	O	O
信	O	O
人	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
圣	I-PER	I-PER
陶	E-PER	E-PER
所	O	O
得	O	O
最	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
达	O	O
四	O	O
百	O	O
七	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

曾	O	O
经	O	O
见	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
则	O	O
资	O	O
料	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
“	O	O
文	O	O
革	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
曾	O	O
有	O	O
造	O	O
反	O	O
派	O	O
批	O	O
斗	O	O
平	B-PER	B-PER
伯	E-PER	E-PER
老	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
骂	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
反	O	O
动	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
人	O	O
竟	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
然	O	O
反	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
术	O	O
权	O	O
威	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
敢	O	O
当	O	O
。	O	O

刚	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
在	O	O
燃	B-ORG	B-ORG
料	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
给	O	O
老	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
陶	B-PER	B-PER
伯	I-PER	I-PER
泉	E-PER	E-PER
作	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
抗	O	O
战	O	O
时	O	O
去	O	O
延	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
抗	B-ORG	O
大	E-ORG	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
在	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
行	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
打	O	O
游	O	O
击	O	O
，	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
灵	B-LOC	O
邱	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
我	O	O
很	O	O
谈	O	O
得	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
聊	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
夸	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
县	O	O
冬	O	O
天	O	O
还	O	O
能	O	O
吃	O	O
到	O	O
菠	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
赤	O	O
根	O	O
绿	O	O
叶	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
带	O	O
有	O	O
神	O	O
仙	O	O
味	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
传	O	O
到	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
乡	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
辗	O	O
转	O	O
贩	O	O
运	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
吧	O	O
？	O	O

而	O	O
自	O	O
古	O	O
当	O	O
官	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
遗	O	O
传	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
以	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
权	O	O
力	O	O
所	O	O
及	O	O
讨	O	O
好	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
，	O	O
讨	O	O
好	O	O
上	O	O
峰	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
不	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	O
流	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
葛	O	O
仙	O	O
米	O	O
又	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
万	O	O
里	O	O
迢	O	O
迢	O	O
地	O	O
贡	O	O
到	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
呢	O	O
？	O	O

离	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
不	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
过	O	O
广	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	E-LOC	E-LOC
高	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
。	O	O

后	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
却	O	O
再	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
吃	O	O
过	O	O
葛	O	O
仙	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
久	O	O
也	O	O
忘	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

可	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
叫	O	O
葛	O	O
仙	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
从	O	O
来	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
听	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
说	O	O
起	O	O
过	O	O
。	O	O

美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
的	O	O
幽	O	O
默	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
幽	O	O
默	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
义	O	O
是	O	O
缓	O	O
解	O	O
冲	O	O
突	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
攻	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
的	O	O
顿	O	O
悟	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
享	O	O
受	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
气	O	O
候	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
地	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
花	O	O
越	O	O
开	O	O
越	O	O
艳	O	O
丽	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
变	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
宗	O	O
教	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
信	O	O
仰	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
爱	O	O
在	O	O
开	O	O
初	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
畅	O	O
，	O	O
望	O	O
着	O	O
她	O	O
那	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
像	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
尖	O	O
鼻	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
我	O	O
还	O	O
玲	O	O
珑	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
嘴	O	O
，	O	O
心	O	O
头	O	O
洋	O	O
溢	O	O
着	O	O
得	O	O
意	O	O
和	O	O
开	O	O
怀	O	O
。	O	O

黄	O	O
土	O	O
坡	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
亲	O	O
属	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
挖	O	O
好	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
米	O	O
见	O	O
方	O	O
、	O	O
约	O	O
两	O	O
米	O	O
深	O	O
的	O	O
坑	O	O
穴	O	O
。	O	O

身	O	O
着	O	O
黑	O	O
色	O	O
套	O	O
装	O	O
的	O	O
绍	B-PER	O
棠	E-PER	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
曾	B-PER	B-PER
彩	I-PER	I-PER
美	E-PER	E-PER
走	O	O
下	O	O
车	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
送	O	O
别	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
绍	B-PER	O
棠	E-PER	O
，	O	O
彩	B-PER	O
美	E-PER	O
夫	O	O
人	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
着	O	O
了	O	O
淡	O	O
妆	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
来	O	O
得	O	O
及	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
遗	O	O
言	O	O
的	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
绍	I-PER	I-PER
棠	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
长	O	O
眠	O	O
于	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
是	O	O
魂	O	O
归	O	O
故	O	O
里	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
忽	O	O
喇	O	O
喇	O	O
似	O	O
大	O	O
厦	O	O
倾	O	O
，	O	O
昏	O	O
惨	O	O
惨	O	O
似	O	O
灯	O	O
将	O	O
尽	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
“	O	O
吃	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
那	O	O
几	O	O
百	O	O
亩	O	O
荒	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
够	O	O
这	O	O
么	O	O
一	O	O
顿	O	O
饭	O	O
钱	O	O
哩	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
是	O	O
花	O	O
公	O	O
家	O	O
钱	O	O
不	O	O
憷	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
朝	O	O
发	O	O
枉	O	O
渚	O	O
兮	O	O
，	O	O
夕	O	O
宿	O	O
辰	B-LOC	O
阳	E-LOC	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
指	O	O
早	O	O
晨	O	O
从	O	O
这	O	O
河	O	O
滩	O	O
沙	O	B-LOC
洲	O	E-LOC
上	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
晚	O	O
上	O	O
住	O	O
宿	O	O
在	O	O
辰	B-LOC	O
溪	E-LOC	O
（	O	O
古	O	O
称	O	O
辰	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
）	O	O
。	O	O

渔	O	O
夫	O	O
们	O	O
见	O	O
他	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
疾	O	O
苦	O	O
，	O	O
与	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
心	O	O
心	O	O
相	O	O
印	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
挽	O	O
留	O	O
他	O	O
进	O	O
村	O	O
打	O	O
住	O	O
一	O	O
晚	O	O
。	O	O

少	O	O
顷	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
光	O	O
屁	O	O
股	O	O
的	O	O
渔	O	O
夫	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
争	O	O
先	O	O
恐	O	O
后	O	O
地	O	O
赶	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
他	O	O
围	O	O
困	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
你	O	O
一	O	O
言	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
语	O	O
地	O	O
倾	O	O
诉	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
潸	O	O
然	O	O
泪	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
挥	O	O
毫	O	O
一	O	O
一	O	O
记	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
记	O	O
下	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
黑	O	O
暗	O	O
，	O	O
王	O	O
朝	O	O
的	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

作	O	O
者	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
各	O	O
自	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
出	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
驾	O	O
驭	O	O
本	O	O
学	O	O
科	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
和	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
及	O	O
技	O	O
巧	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
一	O	O
本	O	O
既	O	O
写	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
板	O	O
有	O	O
眼	O	O
又	O	O
趣	O	O
味	O	O
隽	O	O
永	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
国	O	O
素	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
写	O	O
小	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
良	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
育	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
是	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
是	O	O
关	O	O
乎	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
青	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	O
育	O	O
便	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
与	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O

爱	O	O
美	O	O
之	O	O
心	O	O
人	O	O
皆	O	O
有	O	O
之	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
老	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
是	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
单	O	O
是	O	O
从	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
算	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
讲	O	O
了	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
得	O	O
讲	O	O
下	O	O
去	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
评	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
某	O	O
项	O	O
职	O	O
称	O	O
，	O	O
则	O	O
不	O	O
问	O	O
其	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
升	O	O
不	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
增	O	O
不	O	O
减	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
新	O	O
增	O	O
名	O	O
额	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
只	O	O
好	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
“	O	O
土	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
”	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
家	O	O
吃	O	O
过	O	O
晚	O	O
饭	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
灯	O	O
下	O	O
娓	O	O
娓	O	O
话	O	O
家	O	O
常	O	O
，	O	O
谈	O	O
体	O	O
己	O	O
，	O	O
乐	O	O
也	O	O
融	O	O
融	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
实	O	O
，	O	O
吴	B-PER	B-PER
宓	E-PER	E-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
交	O	O
往	O	O
最	O	O
长	O	O
久	O	O
、	O	O
交	O	O
情	O	O
最	O	O
亲	O	O
近	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
读	O	O
过	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
日	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
r	B-PER	O
o	I-PER	O
u	I-PER	O
s	I-PER	O
s	I-PER	O
e	I-PER	O
a	I-PER	O
u	E-PER	O
（	O	O
卢	B-PER	O
梭	E-PER	O
）	O	O
式	O	O
的	O	O
忏	O	O
悔	O	O
录	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
像	O	O
曾	B-PER	O
文	I-PER	O
正	E-PER	O
公	O	O
家	O	O
书	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
旨	O	O
在	O	O
训	O	O
诫	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
征	O	O
得	O	O
同	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
寄	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
她	O	O
摘	O	O
录	O	O
的	O	O
片	O	O
段	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
他	O	O
忙	O	O
忙	O	O
地	O	O
改	O	O
稿	O	O
寄	O	O
信	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
说	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
话	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
英	O	O
文	O	O
字	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
轻	O	O
巧	O	O
的	O	O
讥	O	O
诮	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
形	O	O
容	O	O
词	O	O
s	O	O
u	O	O
p	O	O
e	O	O
r	O	O
a	O	O
n	O	O
n	O	O
u	O	O
a	O	O
t	O	O
e	O	O
d	O	O
（	O	O
过	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
龄	O	O
过	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
陈	O	O
旧	O	O
的	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
c	O	O
o	O	O
q	O	O
u	O	O
e	O	O
t	O	O
t	O	O
e	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
笑	O	O
的	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

吴	S-PER	S-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
又	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
糊	O	O
涂	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
然	O	O
能	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
世	O	O
道	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
和	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
想	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
猛	O	O
抬	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
怔	O	O
一	O	O
怔	O	O
，	O	O
两	O	O
食	O	O
指	O	O
抵	O	O
住	O	O
两	O	O
太	O	B-LOC
阳	O	E-LOC
穴	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
对	O	O
不	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
这	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
脑	O	O
袋	O	O
里	O	O
全	O	O
是	O	O
古	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

我	O	O
考	O	O
入	O	O
清	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
生	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
清	B-ORG	B-ORG
华	E-ORG	E-ORG
当	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
生	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
，	O	O
钱	B-PER	B-PER
钟	I-PER	I-PER
书	E-PER	E-PER
已	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
清	B-ORG	O
华	E-ORG	O
。	O	O

钱	B-PER	B-PER
钟	I-PER	I-PER
书	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
《	O	O
论	O	O
交	O	O
友	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
文	O	O
中	O	O
曾	O	O
说	O	O
过	O	O
：	O	O
他	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
五	O	O
位	O	O
最	O	O
敬	O	O
爱	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
师	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
以	O	O
哲	O	O
人	O	O
、	O	O
导	O	O
师	O	O
而	O	O
更	O	O
做	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

也	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
同	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
确	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
太	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
已	O	O
而	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
中	O	O
依	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
、	O	O
健	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
者	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

斑	O	O
状	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
好	O	O
发	O	O
于	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
胸	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
四	O	O
肢	O	O
，	O	O
边	O	O
缘	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
，	O	O
触	O	O
之	O	O
如	O	O
板	O	O
硬	O	O
，	O	O
肌	O	O
肉	O	O
萎	O	O
缩	O	O
，	O	O
皮	O	O
肤	O	O
色	O	O
素	O	O
加	O	O
深	O	O
，	O	O
毛	O	O
发	O	O
脱	O	O
失	O	O
；	O	O
带	O	O
状	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
好	O	O
发	O	O
于	O	O
前	O	O
额	O	O
、	O	O
四	O	O
肢	O	O
或	O	O
沿	O	O
肋	O	O
间	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
肌	O	O
肉	O	O
萎	O	O
缩	O	O
、	O	O
硬	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
呈	O	O
带	O	O
状	O	O
排	O	O
列	O	O
；	O	O
点	O	O
状	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
多	O	O
见	O	O
于	O	O
躯	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
群	O	O
分	O	O
布	O	O
，	O	O
呈	O	O
小	O	O
点	O	O
或	O	O
水	O	O
泡	O	O
状	O	O
排	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
边	O	O
缘	O	O
清	O	O
楚	O	O
，	O	O
表	O	O
面	O	O
光	O	O
亮	O	O
。	O	O

绝	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
不	O	O
怕	O	O
吃	O	O
亏	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
廷	I-PER	I-PER
江	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
忠	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
响	O	O
当	O	O
当	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
谱	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
吃	O	O
亏	O	O
”	O	O
之	O	O
歌	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
让	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
灵	O	O
魂	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
震	O	O
颤	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
认	O	O
和	O	O
拥	O	O
戴	O	O
。	O	O

上	O	O
面	O	O
千	O	O
条	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
一	O	O
根	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
干	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
抓	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
事	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
要	O	O
从	O	O
我	O	O
“	O	O
亏	O	O
”	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
位	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
冷	O	O
，	O	O
赶	O	O
集	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
平	O	O
常	O	O
逢	O	O
集	O	O
，	O	O
哪	O	O
天	O	O
来	O	O
来	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
也	O	O
得	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
二	O	O
百	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
春	O	O
，	O	O
镇	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
体	O	O
制	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
铁	O	O
饭	O	O
碗	O	O
，	O	O
办	O	O
起	O	O
铺	B-ORG	B-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
镇	I-ORG	I-ORG
农	I-ORG	I-ORG
业	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
服	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
经	O	O
营	O	O
良	O	O
种	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
药	O	O
与	O	O
化	O	O
肥	O	O
，	O	O
腾	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
间	O	O
房	O	O
，	O	O
专	O	O
设	O	O
了	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
茶	O	O
座	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
前	O	O
来	O	O
询	O	O
问	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
坐	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
热	O	O
茶	O	O
喝	O	O
。	O	O

农	O	O
艺	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
茶	O	O
座	O	O
（	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
）	O	O

“	O	O
献	O	O
给	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
句	O	O
话	O	O
”	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
评	O	O
委	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O

慈	O	O
母	O	O
手	O	O
中	O	O
那	O	O
根	O	O
为	O	O
游	O	O
子	O	O
缝	O	O
补	O	O
过	O	O
衣	O	O
衫	O	O
的	O	O
线	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
最	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
线	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
学	O	O
一	O	O
技	O	O
之	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
铸	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
灵	O	O
魂	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
做	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
行	O	O
动	O	O
报	O	O
答	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
养	O	O
育	O	O
之	O	O
恩	O	O
。	O	O

北	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
舰	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	I-ORG	E-ORG
潜	I-ORG	O
艇	E-ORG	O
某	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-ORG
东	I-ORG	I-ORG
青	I-ORG	I-ORG
岛	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
浙	B-ORG	B-ORG
江	I-ORG	I-ORG
杭	I-ORG	I-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
刀	I-ORG	I-ORG
茅	I-ORG	I-ORG
巷	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
唐	I-ORG	I-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
二	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
唐	I-ORG	I-ORG
山	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
广	I-ORG	I-ORG
播	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
视	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
解	B-ORG	B-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
石	I-ORG	I-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
庄	I-ORG	I-ORG
陆	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	I-ORG	I-ORG
2	I-ORG	I-ORG
9	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
队	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
山	B-ORG	B-ORG
西	I-ORG	I-ORG
霍	I-ORG	I-ORG
州	I-ORG	I-ORG
矿	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
辽	B-ORG	B-ORG
宁	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
连	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
解	B-ORG	B-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
连	I-ORG	I-ORG
陆	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-LOC
南	I-ORG	E-LOC
洛	I-ORG	B-ORG
阳	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
新	I-ORG	I-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
范	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
河	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
师	I-ORG	I-ORG
范	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
湖	B-ORG	B-ORG
南	I-ORG	I-ORG
桃	I-ORG	I-ORG
源	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
石	I-ORG	I-ORG
乙	I-ORG	I-ORG
炔	I-ORG	I-ORG
气	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	E-ORG
等	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
、	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
、	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
征	O	O
集	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

书	O	O
海	O	O
泛	O	O
舟	O	O
（	O	O
摄	O	O
影	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
金	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
孙	B-PER	B-PER
刚	E-PER	E-PER
）	O	O

连	O	O
续	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
被	O	O
评	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
军	O	O
士	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
萧	B-PER	O
文	I-PER	O
刚	E-PER	O
在	O	O
书	O	O
海	O	O
里	O	O
扬	O	O
帆	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
仓	O	O
库	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
多	O	O
面	O	O
手	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
些	O	O
日	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
秀	I-PER	I-PER
清	E-PER	E-PER
既	O	O
要	O	O
调	O	O
配	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
难	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
不	O	O
动	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
赤	O	O
膊	O	O
上	O	O
阵	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
浇	O	O
筑	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
秀	I-PER	I-PER
清	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
人	O	O
手	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
奔	O	O
波	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
四	B-LOC	B-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
贵	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
云	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
等	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
招	O	O
收	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
二	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
技	O	O
之	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
籍	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

通	O	O
过	O	O
建	B-ORG	O
设	I-ORG	O
部	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
引	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
秀	I-PER	I-PER
清	E-PER	E-PER
拜	O	O
见	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
、	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
建	O	O
筑	O	O
界	O	O
有	O	O
威	O	O
望	O	O
的	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
是	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
秀	I-PER	I-PER
清	E-PER	E-PER
在	O	O
强	O	O
手	O	O
如	O	O
林	O	O
的	O	O
深	B-LOC	B-LOC
圳	E-LOC	I-LOC
市	O	I-LOC
场	O	E-LOC
上	O	O
以	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
为	O	O
许	O	O
诺	O	O
揽	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
吉	B-LOC	B-LOC
信	I-LOC	I-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
厦	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

时	O	O
间	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
剥	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
衰	O	O
老	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
凝	O	O
止	O	O
于	O	O
锈	O	O
弦	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
留	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
沉	O	O
甸	O	O
甸	O	O
的	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
，	O	O
扔	O	O
在	O	O
荒	O	O
古	O	O
的	O	O
尘	O	O
土	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
喜	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
雅	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
下	O	O
便	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
顶	O	O
奇	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
主	O	O
而	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
只	O	O
猎	O	O
犬	O	O
，	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
恶	O	O
狠	O	O
，	O	O
它	O	O
在	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
暗	O	O
示	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
活	O	O
活	O	O
地	O	O
咬	O	O
死	O	O
了	O	O
皮	O	O
袄	O	O
房	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
三	O	O
只	O	O
羊	O	O
羔	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
后	O	O
钻	O	O
到	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
拉	O	O
屎	O	O
撒	O	O
尿	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
夜	O	O
晚	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
荡	O	O
荡	O	O
的	O	O
帐	O	O
篷	O	O
里	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
奇	O	O
寒	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
奇	O	O
寒	O	O
。	O	O

喜	B-LOC	B-LOC
马	I-LOC	I-LOC
拉	I-LOC	I-LOC
雅	I-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
词	O	O
出	O	O
自	O	O
梵	O	O
文	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
意	O	O
为	O	O
雪	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
。	O	O

不	O	O
久	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
新	O	O
拍	O	O
《	O	O
水	O	O
浒	O	O
》	O	O
中	O	O
潘	B-PER	O
金	I-PER	O
莲	E-PER	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
争	O	O
论	O	O
不	O	O
已	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
在	O	O
“	O	O
人	O	O
界	O	O
”	O	O
里	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
实	O	O
行	O	O
狼	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
商	O	O
榷	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
正	O	O
是	O	O
斋	B-LOC	B-LOC
堂	I-LOC	I-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
杏	O	O
花	O	O
如	O	O
海	O	O
的	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
诗	O	O
人	O	O
却	O	O
失	O	O
约	O	O
了	O	O
！	O	O

他	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	O	O
诗	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
是	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
恒	O	O
久	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
显	O	O
然	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
并	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
了	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
的	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
最	O	O
初	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
用	O	O
民	O	O
间	O	O
歌	O	O
谣	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	O	O
诗	O	O
的	O	O
新	O	O
生	O	O
面	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
辛	O	O
勤	O	O
劳	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
被	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
或	O	O
竟	O	O
被	O	O
剥	O	O
夺	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
便	O	O
用	O	O
笔	O	O
控	O	O
诉	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
剥	O	O
夺	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
他	O	O
诗	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
抗	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

七	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
初	O	O
识	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
。	O	O

作	O	O
为	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
滨	O	O
海	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
长	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
震	O	O
惊	O	O
于	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
笔	O	O
下	O	O
所	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
苦	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-PER	B-PER
志	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
家	O	O
乡	O	O
是	O	O
斋	B-LOC	B-LOC
堂	I-LOC	I-LOC
川	E-LOC	E-LOC
中	O	O
的	O	O
张	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
村	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
是	O	O
重	O	O
峦	O	O
叠	O	O
嶂	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
美	O	O
丽	O	O
而	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
山	O	O
村	O	O
。	O	O

全	O	O
国	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
模	O	O
范	O	O
时	B-PER	O
传	I-PER	O
祥	E-PER	O
、	O	O
张	B-PER	B-PER
秉	I-PER	I-PER
贵	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
闪	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
都	O	O
深	O	O
深	O	O
地	O	O
印	O	O
在	O	O
了	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
幕	O	O
之	O	O
上	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

这	O	O
位	O	O
人	O	O
间	O	O
保	O	O
洁	O	O
使	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
是	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
一	O	O
家	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
虽	O	O
是	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
但	O	O
也	O	O
风	O	O
吹	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
晒	O	O
不	O	O
着	O	O
地	O	O
干	O	O
了	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
攀	B-LOC	B-LOC
枝	I-LOC	I-LOC
花	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
苏	O	O
铁	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
保	O	O
护	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
五	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
人	O	O
工	O	O
苏	O	O
铁	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
苏	I-ORG	I-ORG
铁	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
心	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
紧	O	O
锣	O	O
密	O	O
鼓	O	O
筹	O	O
建	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

奇	O	O
异	O	O
的	O	O
苏	O	O
铁	O	O
之	O	O
花	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
千	O	O
多	O	O
公	O	O
顷	O	O
山	O	O
地	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
奇	O	O
迹	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
让	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
注	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
景	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
娇	O	O
气	O	O
和	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
主	O	O
宰	O	O
了	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
。	O	O

关	O	O
于	O	O
远	O	O
离	O	O
严	O	O
寒	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
鹅	O	O
黄	O	O
和	O	O
翠	O	O
绿	O	O
染	O	O
遍	O	O
天	O	O
涯	O	O
；	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
国	O	O
企	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
比	O	O
翼	O	O
腾	O	O
飞	O	O
；	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
善	O	O
用	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
智	O	O
慧	O	O
和	O	O
汗	O	O
水	O	O
开	O	O
花	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
你	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
精	O	O
湛	O	O
的	O	O
旋	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
多	O	O
少	O	O
感	O	O
奋	O	O
和	O	O
启	O	O
迪	O	O
。	O	O

你	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
漫	O	O
无	O	O
边	O	O
际	O	O
的	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
琴	O	O
弦	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
沉	O	O
浸	O	O
在	O	O
宏	O	O
天	O	O
伟	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
轻	O	O
音	O	O
乐	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
们	O	O
常	O	O
称	O	O
赞	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
汉	O	O
唐	O	O
盛	O	O
世	O	O
”	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
清	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
康	S-PER	O
乾	S-PER	O
盛	O	O
世	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
时	O	O
新	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
”	O	O
与	O	O
“	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
响	O	O
亮	O	O
口	O	O
号	O	O
，	O	O
指	O	O
明	O	O
了	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
前	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
步	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
非	O	O
常	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
跟	O	O
着	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
把	O	O
评	O	O
剧	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
其	O	O
变	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
性	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
性	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

新	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
视	O	O
野	O	O
更	O	O
开	O	O
阔	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
里	O	O
边	O	O
都	O	O
充	O	O
满	O	O
着	O	O
爱	O	O
憎	O	O
很	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
呀	O	O
！	O	O

她	O	O
有	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
假	O	O
如	O	O
她	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
顽	O	O
强	O	O
拼	O	O
搏	O	O
的	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
的	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

另	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
像	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
演	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
兄	O	O
妹	O	O
开	O	O
荒	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
戏	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
对	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
上	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
求	O	O
新	O	O
、	O	O
求	O	O
精	O	O
的	O	O
新	B-PER	B-PER
凤	I-PER	I-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
来	O	O
讲	O	O
都	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
她	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
革	O	O
新	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
。	O	O

更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
她	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
用	O	O
朋	O	O
友	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
情	O	O
怀	O	O
念	O	O
她	O	O
。	O	O

凤	B-PER	B-PER
霞	E-PER	E-PER
病	O	O
了	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
家	O	O
里	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
惶	O	O
惶	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
绪	O	O
当	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
她	O	O
大	O	O
脑	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
死	O	O
亡	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
息	O	O
就	O	O
立	O	O
即	O	O
打	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
给	O	O
祖	B-PER	O
光	E-PER	O
，	O	O
安	O	O
慰	O	O
他	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
他	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
却	O	O
还	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
她	O	O
能	O	O
好	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
永	O	O
远	O	O
是	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
着	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
长	O	O
远	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
与	O	O
后	O	O
果	O	O
；	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
的	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
大	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
敲	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
警	O	O
钟	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
、	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
、	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
性	O	O
或	O	O
合	O	O
理	O	O
性	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
《	O	O
鸟	O	O
瞰	O	O
地	B-LOC	B-LOC
球	E-LOC	E-LOC
》	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
筑	O	O
巢	O	O
”	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
所	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
悲	O	O
壮	O	O
，	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
诉	O	O
说	O	O
、	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
概	O	O
括	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
长	O	O
诗	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
观	O	O
照	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
性	O	O
格	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
炎	O	O
黄	O	O
之	O	O
血	O	O
／	O	O
是	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
河	O	O
／	O	O
阳	O	O
光	O	O
洒	O	O
到	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
／	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
就	O	O
流	O	O
到	O	O
哪	O	O
里	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
陆	O	O
地	O	O
是	O	O
歌	O	O
词	O	O
／	O	O
海	O	O
洋	O	O
是	O	O
旋	O	O
律	O	O
／	O	O
唱	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
天	O	O
南	O	O
地	O	O
北	O	O
／	O	O
唱	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
子	O	O
子	O	O
孙	O	O
孙	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
地	O	O
凸	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
抒	O	O
情	O	O
主	O	O
人	O	O
公	O	O
富	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
色	O	O
彩	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
寓	O	O
共	O	O
性	O	O
于	O	O
个	O	O
性	O	O
之	O	O
中	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
同	O	O
一	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
诗	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
和	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
、	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
乃	O	O
至	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
手	O	O
法	O	O
和	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
千	O	O
秋	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

每	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
面	O	O
世	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
都	O	O
应	O	O
当	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
要	O	O
对	O	O
得	O	O
起	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
审	O	O
美	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
和	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
来	O	O
读	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
下	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
决	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
花	O	O
足	O	O
够	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
来	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

古	O	O
人	O	O
云	O	O
：	O	O
『	O	O
美	O	O
玉	O	O
微	O	O
瑕	O	O
，	O	O
未	O	O
为	O	O
至	O	O
宝	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
况	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
在	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
中	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
瑕	O	O
疵	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

中	O	O
央	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
、	O	O
通	O	O
讯	O	O
社	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
台	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
台	O	O
和	O	O
各	O	O
地	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
媒	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
刊	O	O
播	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
和	O	O
入	O	O
选	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
名	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
撰	O	O
写	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
入	O	O
选	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
介	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
访	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
合	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
地	O	O
扩	O	O
大	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
及	O	O
其	O	O
入	O	O
选	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

仅	O	O
以	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
为	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
文	O	O
献	O	O
纪	O	O
录	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
伟	O	O
人	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
恩	I-PER	I-PER
来	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
影	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
片	O	O
《	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
恩	I-PER	I-PER
来	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
开	O	O
天	O	O
辟	O	O
地	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
焦	B-PER	O
裕	I-PER	O
禄	E-PER	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
和	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
子	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
蒋	B-PER	B-PER
筑	I-PER	I-PER
英	E-PER	E-PER
》	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
剧	O	O
《	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
神	O	O
火	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
辘	O	O
轳	O	O
·	O	O
女	O	O
人	O	O
和	O	O
井	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
妹	O	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
、	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
、	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
表	O	O
彰	O	O
和	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
推	O	O
荐	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

许	O	O
多	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
和	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
还	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
制	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
效	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
实	O	O
绩	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
第	O	O
七	O	O
届	O	O
评	O	O
奖	O	O
为	O	O
例	O	O
，	O	O
省	O	O
、	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
市	O	B-ORG
党	O	I-ORG
委	O	I-ORG
宣	O	I-ORG
传	O	I-ORG
部	O	E-ORG
在	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
、	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
委	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
在	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
有	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
入	O	O
选	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
奖	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
可	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
奖	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

宣	O	O
传	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
、	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
程	O	O
度	O	O
上	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
有	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
批	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
年	O	O
一	O	O
度	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
五	O	O
个	O	O
一	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
”	O	O
评	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
最	O	O
具	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
奖	O	O
项	O	O
。	O	O

二	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
马	S-PER	S-PER
列	S-PER	S-PER
著	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
毛	S-PER	S-PER
主	O	O
席	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
中	S-LOC	S-LOC
印	S-LOC	S-LOC
边	O	O
境	O	O
自	O	O
卫	O	O
反	O	O
击	O	O
战	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
谣	O	O
言	O	O
较	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
达	B-PER	O
赖	E-PER	O
要	O	O
回	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
说	O	O
有	O	O
外	O	O
国	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
农	O	O
奴	O	O
主	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
反	O	O
动	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
有	O	O
风	O	O
吹	O	O
草	O	O
动	O	O
就	O	O
呼	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
攻	O	O
倒	O	O
算	O	O
；	O	O
上	O	O
层	O	O
中	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
幻	O	O
想	O	O
达	B-PER	O
赖	E-PER	O
复	O	O
辟	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
。	O	O

经	O	O
过	O	O
反	O	O
复	O	O
慎	O	O
重	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
草	O	O
案	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
修	O	O
改	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
5	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
宪	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
了	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
。	O	O

彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
从	O	O
那	O	O
时	O	O
起	O	O
以	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
立	O	O
法	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
对	O	O
民	B-ORG	B-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
帮	O	O
助	O	O
和	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
我	O	O
又	O	O
兼	O	O
任	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
族	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
任	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
被	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
补	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
年	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
五	B-ORG	B-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
第	O	O
六	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
五	B-ORG	B-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
制	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
任	O	O
主	O	O
任	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
这	O	O
种	O	O
推	O	O
心	O	O
置	O	O
腹	O	O
的	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
和	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
过	O	O
好	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
关	O	O
，	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
和	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
支	O	O
援	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
解	I-ORG	I-ORG
放	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	E-ORG	E-ORG
迅	O	O
速	O	O
平	O	O
息	O	O
了	O	O
拉	B-LOC	B-LOC
萨	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
叛	O	O
乱	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
恩	I-PER	I-PER
来	E-PER	E-PER
总	O	O
理	O	O
于	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
命	O	O
令	O	O
，	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
解	O	O
散	O	O
原	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
藏	I-ORG	I-ORG
自	I-ORG	I-ORG
治	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
筹	I-ORG	I-ORG
备	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
行	O	O
使	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
藏	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
职	O	O
权	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
次	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
当	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
全	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
兼	O	O
秘	O	O
书	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

虽	O	O
然	O	O
彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
表	O	O
扬	O	O
只	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
对	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
鼓	O	O
励	O	O
和	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
对	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
和	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
是	O	O
何	O	O
等	O	O
专	O	O
注	O	O
！	O	O

他	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
你	O	O
们	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
平	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
会	O	O
议	O	O
上	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
决	O	O
定	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
每	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
票	O	O
。	O	O

彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
任	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
时	O	O
已	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
岁	O	O
高	O	O
龄	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
是	O	O
他	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
公	O	O
仆	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
色	O	O
和	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
一	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
就	O	O
主	O	O
持	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
思	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
后	O	O
又	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
听	O	O
取	O	O
我	O	O
到	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
汇	O	O
报	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
调	O	O
查	O	O
和	O	O
与	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
负	O	O
责	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
自	O	O
身	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
与	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
搞	O	O
好	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
自	O	O
身	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
亟	O	O
待	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
被	O	O
选	O	O
为	O	O
六	B-ORG	B-ORG
届	I-ORG	I-ORG
全	I-ORG	I-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
在	O	O
彭	B-PER	B-PER
真	E-PER	E-PER
委	O	O
员	O	O
长	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
年	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
延	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
整	O	O
风	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
期	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
都	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
受	O	O
益	O	O
匪	O	O
浅	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
生	O	O
难	O	O
忘	O	O
。	O	O

两	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
与	O	O
村	O	O
支	O	O
部	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
架	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
座	O	O
沟	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
外	O	O
出	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
能	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
和	O	O
约	O	O
束	O	O
，	O	O
树	O	O
立	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

铁	B-ORG	B-ORG
道	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	I-ORG
第	I-ORG	I-ORG
十	I-ORG	I-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
程	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
“	O	O
一	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
到	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
线	O	O
去	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
与	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
贴	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
紧	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
何	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
整	O	O
治	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
嘴	O	O
馋	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
县	O	O
县	O	B-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
采	O	O
取	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
『	O	O
吃	O	O
喝	O	O
大	O	O
王	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
吃	O	O
得	O	O
满	O	O
嘴	O	O
油	O	O
污	O	O
、	O	O
满	O	O
身	O	O
酒	O	O
气	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
县	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
称	O	O
『	O	O
王	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
庭	O	O
广	O	O
众	O	O
之	O	O
下	O	O
亮	O	O
相	O	O
、	O	O
曝	O	O
光	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
让	O	O
其	O	O
丢	O	O
官	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
让	O	O
其	O	O
丢	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

整	O	O
治	O	O
公	O	O
款	O	O
吃	O	O
喝	O	O
，	O	O
喊	O	O
了	O	O
多	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
效	O	O
甚	O	O
微	O	O
，	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
称	O	O
其	O	O
为	O	O
『	O	O
顽	O	O
症	O	O
』	O	O
。	O	O

让	O	O
嘴	O	O
馋	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
称	O	O
称	O	O
『	O	O
王	O	O
』	O	O
（	O	O
议	O	O
论	O	O
风	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
从	O	O
优	O	O
化	O	O
办	O	O
税	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
、	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
个	O	O
多	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
办	O	O
税	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
大	O	O
厅	O	O
，	O	O
配	O	O
备	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
6	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
台	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
从	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
到	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
联	O	O
网	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
子	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
、	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
、	O	O
邮	O	O
寄	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
等	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
便	O	O
捷	O	O
的	O	O
申	O	O
报	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
。	O	O

此	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
还	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
内	O	O
设	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
名	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
监	O	O
察	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
外	O	O
聘	O	O
请	O	O
了	O	O
4	O	O
4	O	O
5	O	O
人	O	O
为	O	O
廉	O	O
政	O	O
督	O	O
察	O	O
员	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
6	O	O
万	O	O
多	O	O
个	O	O
纳	O	O
税	O	O
户	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
表	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
评	O	O
议	O	O
税	O	O
风	O	O
。	O	O

特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
在	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
稽	O	O
核	O	O
、	O	O
稽	O	O
查	O	O
选	O	O
案	O	O
中	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
着	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
为	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
挽	O	O
回	O	O
税	O	O
款	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
上	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

税	O	O
官	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
厉	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
能	O	O
利	O	O
用	O	O
“	O	O
税	O	O
服	O	O
”	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
到	O	O
底	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
钻	O	O
了	O	O
征	O	O
税	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
谋	O	O
取	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

实	O	O
现	O	O
公	O	O
平	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
大	O	O
大	O	O
激	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
蒋	B-PER	B-PER
天	I-PER	I-PER
才	E-PER	E-PER
对	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
案	O	O
件	O	O
原	O	O
因	O	O
的	O	O
剖	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
难	O	O
看	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
丧	O	O
失	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
坚	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
，	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
必	O	O
将	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
盘	O	O
散	O	O
沙	O	O
，	O	O
歪	O	O
风	O	O
盛	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
结	O	O
果	O	O
只	O	O
能	O	O
是	O	O
带	O	O
坏	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
、	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

也	O	O
诉	O	O
说	O	O
了	O	O
蒋	B-PER	B-PER
天	I-PER	I-PER
才	E-PER	E-PER
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
省	B-ORG	B-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
厅	E-ORG	I-ORG
任	O	I-ORG
了	O	I-ORG
党	B-ORG	I-ORG
组	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
书	O	O
记	O	O
、	O	O
副	O	O
厅	O	O
长	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
慢	O	O
慢	O	O
地	O	O
变	O	O
质	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

讲	O	O
政	O	O
德	O	O
干	O	O
实	O	O
绩	O	O
（	O	O
公	O	O
仆	O	O
心	O	O
声	O	O
）	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
1	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O

一	O	O
件	O	O
件	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
不	O	O
小	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
让	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
都	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
三	B-ORG	O
段	E-ORG	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
的	O	O
温	O	O
暖	O	O
和	O	O
厚	O	O
实	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
康	O	O
复	O	O
出	O	O
院	O	O
的	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
关	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
了	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
施	O	O
工	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
多	O	O
亏	O	O
了	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
抢	O	O
救	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
都	O	O
在	O	O
隧	O	O
道	O	O
抢	O	O
赶	O	O
进	O	O
度	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
工	O	O
人	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
关	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
随	O	O
身	O	O
一	O	O
歪	O	O
栽	O	O
倒	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
时	O	O
见	O	O
休	O	O
克	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
华	E-PER	E-PER
却	O	O
摇	O	O
头	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
这	O	O
钱	O	O
是	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
游	O	O
子	O	O
给	O	O
全	O	O
村	O	O
老	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
村	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
拿	O	O
来	O	O
吃	O	O
喝	O	O
招	O	O
待	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

该	O	O
卡	O	O
在	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
及	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
、	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
期	O	O
限	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
与	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
的	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
相	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O

用	O	O
户	O	O
可	O	O
根	O	O
据	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
购	O	O
买	O	O
不	O	O
同	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
卡	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
迄	O	O
今	O	O
为	O	O
止	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
例	O	O
保	O	O
存	O	O
至	O	O
今	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
国	O	O
初	O	O
期	O	O
简	O	O
易	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
单	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
保	I-ORG	I-ORG
寿	I-ORG	I-ORG
险	I-ORG	I-ORG
上	I-ORG	I-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
近	O	O
日	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
机	O	O
动	O	O
车	O	O
驾	O	O
驶	O	O
员	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
急	O	O
救	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
银	I-ORG	I-ORG
行	E-ORG	E-ORG
多	O	O
次	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
机	O	O
构	O	O
存	O	O
、	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
人	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
钱	O	O
存	O	O
入	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
收	O	O
益	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
把	O	O
眼	O	O
光	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
指	O	O
标	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
在	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
上	O	O
仍	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
状	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
不	O	O
相	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
也	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
的	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
极	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
和	O	O
广	O	O
阔	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
存	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
0	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
费	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
7	O	O
4	O	O
7	O	O
7	O	O
2	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
1	O	O
·	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
业	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
费	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
占	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
7	O	O
％	O	O
—	O	O
8	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
中	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
也	O	O
在	O	O
3	O	O
％	O	O
—	O	O
4	O	O
％	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
开	O	O
办	O	O
了	O	O
各	O	O
类	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
业	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
和	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
灾	O	O
害	O	O
和	O	O
意	O	O
外	O	O
事	O	O
故	O	O
遭	O	O
受	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
身	O	O
伤	O	O
害	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
赔	O	O
偿	O	O
，	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
恢	O	O
复	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
建	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
，	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
。	O	O

保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
也	O	O
应	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
核	O	O
保	O	O
理	O	O
赔	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
配	O	O
合	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
欺	O	O
诈	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
力	O	O
度	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
些	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
欺	O	O
诈	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
靠	O	O
“	O	O
买	O	O
通	O	O
”	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
内	O	O
部	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
而	O	O
得	O	O
逞	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

商	O	O
业	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
为	O	O
客	O	O
户	O	O
提	O	O
供	O	O
风	O	O
险	O	O
保	O	O
障	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
线	O	O
条	O	O
的	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
则	O	O
一	O	O
任	O	O
情	O	O
思	O	O
的	O	O
驱	O	O
使	O	O
，	O	O
轻	O	O
缓	O	O
有	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
波	O	O
三	O	O
折	O	O
，	O	O
呈	O	O
含	O	O
蓄	O	O
蕴	O	O
藉	O	O
、	O	O
外	O	O
柔	O	O
内	O	O
刚	O	O
之	O	O
势	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
目	O	O
的	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
画	O	O
家	O	O
或	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
同	O	O
样	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
从	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
度	O	O
过	O	O
了	O	O
涂	O	O
鸦	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
笔	O	O
下	O	O
画	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
头	O	O
小	O	O
身	O	O
子	O	O
、	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
手	O	O
脚	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
形	O	O
：	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
父	O	O
亲	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
。	O	O

画	O	O
面	O	O
、	O	O
自	O	O
题	O	O
诗	O	O
和	O	O
流	O	O
畅	O	O
的	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
三	O	O
者	O	O
有	O	O
机	O	O
地	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
启	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
天	O	O
衣	O	O
无	O	O
缝	O	O
，	O	O
美	O	S-LOC
在	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
矣	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
与	O	O
冯	B-PER	B-PER
其	I-PER	I-PER
庸	E-PER	E-PER
教	O	O
授	O	O
相	O	O
交	O	O
有	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
是	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
他	O	O
是	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
《	O	O
红	O	O
楼	O	O
梦	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
解	O	O
到	O	O
他	O	O
对	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
考	O	O
古	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
很	O	O
浓	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
次	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
疆	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
古	O	O
稀	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
犹	O	O
攀	O	O
登	O	O
天	B-LOC	O
山	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
避	O	O
艰	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
往	O	O
直	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
钦	O	O
佩	O	O
。	O	O

启	B-PER	O
骧	E-PER	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
高	O	O
级	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
业	O	O
余	O	O
好	O	O
书	O	O
艺	O	O
，	O	O
勤	O	O
苦	O	O
挥	O	O
毫	O	O
。	O	O

方	B-PER	O
骏	E-PER	O
长	O	O
于	O	O
用	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
精	O	O
于	O	O
笔	O	O
墨	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
有	O	O
润	O	O
含	O	O
春	O	O
雨	O	O
的	O	O
酣	O	O
畅	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
干	O	O
裂	O	O
秋	O	O
风	O	O
的	O	O
古	O	O
拙	O	O
。	O	O

出	O	O
版	O	O
有	O	O
《	O	O
方	B-PER	O
骏	E-PER	O
水	O	O
墨	O	O
画	O	O
选	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
灵	O	O
山	O	O
静	O	O
水	O	O
·	O	O
方	B-PER	O
骏	E-PER	O
画	O	O
集	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
《	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
下	O	O
半	O	O
叶	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
画	O	O
家	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
·	O	O
方	B-PER	O
骏	E-PER	O
》	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
此	O	O
珍	O	O
贵	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
币	O	O
，	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
拍	O	O
卖	O	O
场	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
的	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
可	O	O
想	O	O
而	O	O
知	O	O
。	O	O

侯	S-PER	S-PER
老	O	O
是	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
科	I-ORG	I-ORG
技	I-ORG	I-ORG
发	I-ORG	I-ORG
展	I-ORG	I-ORG
基	I-ORG	I-ORG
金	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
连	O	O
任	O	O
三	O	O
届	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
理	O	O
事	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
亲	O	O
自	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
三	O	O
个	O	O
专	O	O
项	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
：	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
成	I-PER	I-PER
智	E-PER	E-PER
国	O	O
际	O	O
象	O	O
棋	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-ORG
国	I-LOC	I-ORG
科	I-LOC	I-ORG
学	I-LOC	I-ORG
技	I-LOC	I-ORG
术	I-LOC	I-ORG
馆	E-LOC	I-ORG
发	O	I-ORG
展	O	I-ORG
基	O	I-ORG
金	O	E-ORG
和	O	O
侯	B-PER	B-PER
祥	I-PER	I-PER
麟	E-PER	E-PER
奖	O	O
励	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
，	O	O
基	O	O
金	O	O
总	O	O
额	O	O
近	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
。	O	O

人	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
要	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
篇	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
在	O	O
《	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
数	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
》	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
＋	O	O
2	O	O
）	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
手	O	O
稿	O	O
真	O	O
的	O	O
被	O	O
销	O	O
毁	O	O
了	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

此	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
动	O	O
乱	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
科	B-ORG	O
学	I-ORG	O
通	I-ORG	O
报	E-ORG	O
》	O	O
随	O	O
即	O	O
停	O	O
刊	O	O
。	O	O

每	O	O
对	O	O
夫	O	O
妻	O	O
只	O	O
生	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
使	O	O
全	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
普	O	O
遍	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
很	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
脑	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
育	O	O
和	O	O
成	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
是	O	O
更	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
课	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
尚	O	O
不	O	O
全	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
、	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
初	O	O
步	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
显	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
6	O	O
5	O	O
岁	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
患	O	O
老	O	O
年	O	O
痴	O	O
呆	O	O
占	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
9	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
史	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
群	O	O
脑	O	O
疾	O	O
患	O	O
的	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
是	O	O
会	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
接	O	O
近	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
说	O	O
没	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
最	O	O
后	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
块	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
份	O	O
为	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
说	O	O
我	O	O
给	O	O
这	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
％	O	O
所	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
的	O	O
脑	O	O
袋	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
价	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
台	O	O
电	O	O
脑	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
利	O	O
润	O	O
还	O	O
不	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
牛	O	O
仔	O	O
裤	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
什	O	O
么	O	O
其	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
和	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
如	O	O
此	O	O
迅	O	O
速	O	O
？	O	O

美	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
联	I-ORG	I-ORG
邦	I-ORG	I-ORG
通	I-ORG	I-ORG
信	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
员	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
席	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
是	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
电	O	O
话	O	O
及	O	O
时	O	O
且	O	O
有	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

三	B-ORG	B-ORG
力	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	E-ORG	E-ORG
在	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
彩	O	O
棉	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
5	O	O
次	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
，	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
出	O	O
彩	O	O
棉	O	O
种	O	O
子	O	O
核	O	O
雄	O	O
性	O	O
不	O	O
育	O	O
杂	O	O
交	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
得	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
发	O	O
明	O	O
专	O	O
利	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
而	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
在	O	O
种	O	O
植	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
不	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
化	O	O
肥	O	O
、	O	O
农	O	O
药	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
节	O	O
剂	O	O
和	O	O
除	O	O
草	O	O
剂	O	O
等	O	O
化	O	O
学	O	O
物	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
避	O	O
免	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
生	O	O
物	O	O
和	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
危	O	O
害	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
摒	O	O
除	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
棉	O	O
花	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
损	O	O
害	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
后	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
将	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
、	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
哪	O	O
项	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
占	O	O
领	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
或	O	O
者	O	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
开	O	O
发	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
卓	O	O
越	O	O
的	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
哪	O	O
项	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
是	O	O
佼	O	O
佼	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
也	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
就	O	O
此	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
发	O	O
表	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
议	O	O
。	O	O

印	O	O
刷	O	O
精	O	O
良	O	O
，	O	O
颜	O	O
色	O	O
艳	O	O
丽	O	O
，	O	O
拿	O	O
在	O	O
手	O	O
里	O	O
沉	O	O
甸	O	O
甸	O	O
的	O	O
几	O	O
十	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
上	O	O
百	O	O
个	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
定	O	O
价	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
角	O	O
到	O	O
几	O	O
元	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O

计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
飞	O	O
速	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
计	O	O
算	O	O
机	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
报	O	O
刊	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
前	O	O
繁	O	O
荣	O	O
。	O	O

赣	B-LOC	B-LOC
州	E-LOC	E-LOC
台	S-LOC	O
胞	O	O
热	O	O
心	O	O
捐	O	O
资	O	O
公	O	O
益	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
由	O	O
台	S-LOC	O
胞	O	O
谢	B-PER	O
国	I-PER	O
材	E-PER	O
捐	O	O
资	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
币	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
村	O	O
级	O	O
水	O	O
泥	O	O
公	O	O
路	O	O
建	O	O
成	O	O
通	O	O
车	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
长	O	O
，	O	O
早	O	O
在	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
就	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
强	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
发	O	O
布	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
无	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
惠	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
者	O	O
不	O	O
拒	O	O
的	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
两	B-LOC	B-LOC
岸	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
贸	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
有	O	O
实	O	O
效	O	O
已	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
潍	B-LOC	B-LOC
坊	E-LOC	E-LOC
已	O	O
经	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
为	O	O
山	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
半	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	E-LOC	E-LOC
对	O	O
外	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
、	O	O
招	O	O
商	O	O
引	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
，	O	O
尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
台	S-LOC	O
资	O	O
占	O	O
全	O	O
市	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
外	O	O
资	O	O
的	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
台	S-LOC	O
资	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
潍	B-LOC	B-LOC
坊	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
型	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
支	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

愿	O	O
借	O	O
巨	O	O
鸢	O	O
展	O	O
翅	O	O
飞	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
第	O	O
五	O	O
届	O	O
鲁	S-LOC	S-LOC
台	S-LOC	S-LOC
经	O	O
贸	O	O
洽	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
侧	O	O
记	O	O
（	O	O
附	O	O
图	O	O
片	O	O
1	O	O
张	O	O
）	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
月	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
波	O	O
及	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
曾	B-PER	B-PER
荫	I-PER	I-PER
权	E-PER	E-PER
率	O	O
领	O	O
属	O	O
下	O	O
同	O	O
事	O	O
力	O	O
抗	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
炒	O	O
家	O	O
对	O	O
港	O	O
元	O	O
、	O	O
港	S-LOC	S-LOC
股	O	O
的	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
近	O	O
，	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
与	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
界	O	O
、	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
界	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
了	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
讨	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
交	O	O
流	O	O
、	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
及	O	O
共	O	O
同	O	O
兴	O	O
建	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
工	O	O
业	O	O
园	O	O
区	O	O
等	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
着	O	O
手	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
识	O	O
之	O	O
士	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
雄	O	O
厚	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
和	O	O
科	O	O
研	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
充	O	O
沛	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
有	O	O
较	O	O
廉	O	O
价	O	O
的	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
劳	O	O
力	O	O
资	O	O
源	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
恰	O	O
弥	O	O
补	O	O
了	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
展	O	O
高	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
急	O	O
需	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
与	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
达	O	O
而	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
的	O	O
融	O	O
资	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
灵	O	O
敏	O	O
的	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
训	O	O
练	O	O
有	O	O
素	O	O
的	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
和	O	O
营	O	O
销	O	O
人	O	O
才	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
恰	O	O
是	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
互	O	O
补	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
互	O	O
惠	O	O
互	O	O
利	O	O
的	O	O
良	O	O
好	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
前	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
委	O	O
员	O	O
会	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
海	O	O
外	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
征	O	O
求	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
在	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
内	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
份	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
、	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
性	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
。	O	O

科	O	O
学	O	O
园	O	O
在	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
算	O	O
扬	O	O
长	O	O
避	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
与	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
起	O	O
步	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
差	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
项	O	O
目	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
，	O	O
抓	O	O
紧	O	O
进	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
5	O	O
年	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
定	O	O
能	O	O
大	O	O
展	O	O
鸿	O	O
图	O	O
。	O	O

科	O	O
学	O	O
园	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
将	O	O
使	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
科	O	O
技	O	O
界	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
合	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
将	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
成	O	O
果	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
园	O	O
地	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
场	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
风	O	O
暴	O	O
让	O	O
东	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
亚	E-LOC	E-LOC
经	O	O
济	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
损	O	O
失	O	O
惨	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
由	O	O
于	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
稳	O	O
固	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
汇	O	O
储	O	O
备	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
银	O	O
行	O	O
及	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
祖	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
，	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
地	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
不	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
亚	B-LOC	B-LOC
洲	E-LOC	E-LOC
国	O	O
际	O	O
金	O	O
融	O	O
、	O	O
贸	O	O
易	O	O
、	O	O
航	O	O
运	O	O
和	O	O
信	O	O
息	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
位	O	O
没	O	O
变	O	O
。	O	O

目	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
5	O	O
3	O	O
名	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
“	O	O
断	O	O
线	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
与	O	O
党	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
上	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
近	O	O
千	O	O
名	O	O
老	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
焕	O	O
发	O	O
起	O	O
政	O	O
治	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
。	O	O

近	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
武	B-ORG	B-ORG
钢	I-ORG	E-ORG
程	I-ORG	O
潮	I-ORG	O
铁	I-ORG	O
矿	E-ORG	O
5	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
名	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
、	O	O
入	O	O
党	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
分	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
面	O	O
党	O	O
旗	O	O
、	O	O
数	O	O
十	O	O
条	O	O
横	O	O
幅	O	O
标	O	O
语	O	O
，	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
疏	O	O
浚	O	O
2	O	O
公	O	O
里	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
下	O	O
水	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
脏	O	O
、	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
苦	O	O
、	O	O
累	O	O
活	O	O
塑	O	O
造	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
光	O	O
辉	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
：	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
出	O	O
勤	O	O
、	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
发	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
撰	O	O
写	O	O
论	O	O
文	O	O
、	O	O
调	O	O
研	O	O
文	O	O
章	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
次	O	O
对	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
逐	O	O
人	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
档	O	O
案	O	O
。	O	O

首	O	O
先	O	O
制	O	O
定	O	O
了	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
及	O	O
考	O	O
核	O	O
办	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

群	B-ORG	O
众	I-ORG	O
监	I-ORG	O
督	I-ORG	O
会	E-ORG	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
市	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
市	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
中	O	O
心	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
工	B-ORG	O
作	I-ORG	O
督	I-ORG	O
查	I-ORG	O
组	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
与	O	O
分	O	O
散	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
督	O	O
查	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	B-LOC	B-LOC
郑	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
通	O	O
过	O	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
出	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
促	O	O
进	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
效	O	O
途	O	O
径	O	O
。	O	O

雷	B-PER	B-PER
郭	I-PER	I-PER
堂	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
：	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
危	O	O
险	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
同	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
同	O	O
舟	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
得	O	O
到	O	O
安	O	O
慰	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
心	O	O
同	O	O
党	O	O
同	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
贴	O	O
得	O	O
更	O	O
紧	O	O
。	O	O

事	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
劝	O	O
他	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
你	O	B-ORG
当	O	I-ORG
县	B-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
书	O	O
记	O	O
，	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
上	O	O
边	O	O
指	O	O
挥	O	O
就	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
何	O	O
必	O	O
真	O	O
冒	O	O
险	O	O
。	O	O

沿	O	O
汾	B-LOC	O
河	E-LOC	O
6	O	O
个	O	O
乡	O	O
镇	O	O
的	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
财	O	O
产	O	O
危	O	O
在	O	O
旦	O	O
夕	O	O
。	O	O

总	O	O
投	O	O
资	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
县	B-ORG	B-ORG
洗	I-ORG	I-ORG
煤	I-ORG	I-ORG
厂	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
上	B-LOC	B-LOC
海	E-LOC	E-LOC
客	O	O
商	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
来	O	O
厂	O	O
谈	O	O
判	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
下	O	O
签	O	O
订	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
洗	O	O
精	O	O
煤	O	O
发	O	O
运	O	O
合	O	O
同	O	O
。	O	O

许	O	O
多	O	O
村	O	O
庄	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
黄	O	O
土	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
遇	O	O
雨	O	O
烂	O	O
泥	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
，	O	O
鸡	O	O
蛋	O	O
运	O	O
不	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
鲜	O	O
果	O	O
烂	O	O
地	O	O
里	O	O
。	O	O

五	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
给	O	O
泱	O	O
泱	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
和	O	O
华	B-LOC	B-LOC
夏	E-LOC	I-LOC
子	O	I-LOC
孙	O	E-LOC
带	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
传	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
美	O	O
德	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
纵	O	O
观	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
千	O	O
百	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
羞	O	O
耻	O	O
感	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
长	O	O
河	O	O
中	O	O
历	O	O
经	O	O
大	O	O
浪	O	O
淘	O	O
沙	O	O
而	O	O
代	O	O
代	O	O
相	O	O
传	O	O
的	O	O
品	O	O
德	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
是	O	O
乎	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
吾	O	O
日	O	O
三	O	O
省	O	O
吾	O	O
身	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
“	O	O
羞	O	O
恶	O	O
之	O	O
心	O	O
、	O	O
义	O	O
之	O	O
端	O	O
也	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
感	O	O
慨	O	O
。	O	O

卢	B-PER	B-PER
荣	I-PER	I-PER
景	E-PER	E-PER
强	O	O
调	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
“	O	O
好	O	O
人	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
键	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
入	O	O
党	O	O
为	O	O
谁	O	O
、	O	O
掌	O	O
权	O	O
为	O	O
谁	O	O
、	O	O
为	O	O
谁	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
观	O	O
、	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
观	O	O
和	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
观	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
品	O	O
行	O	O
操	O	O
守	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
性	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
利	O	O
益	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
。	O	O

区	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
决	O	O
定	O	O
由	O	O
区	B-ORG	B-ORG
纪	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
牵	O	O
头	O	O
查	O	O
办	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
案	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

区	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
领	O	O
导	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
明	O	O
理	O	O
导	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
反	O	O
腐	O	O
败	O	O
、	O	O
保	O	O
稳	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
郑	O	O
重	O	O
宣	O	O
布	O	O
区	B-ORG	B-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
区	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
监	O	O
督	O	O
，	O	O
评	O	O
头	O	O
论	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
请	O	O
君	O	O
挑	O	O
刺	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
区	O	O
、	O	O
乡	O	O
、	O	O
村	O	O
三	O	O
级	O	O
党	O	O
政	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
气	O	O
氛	O	O
严	O	O
肃	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
此	O	O
可	O	O
见	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
是	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
激	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
厂	O	O
预	O	O
测	O	O
：	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
需	O	O
求	O	O
7	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
；	O	O
明	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
；	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
台	O	O
。	O	O

4	O	O
．	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
时	O	O
要	O	O
选	O	O
制	O	O
冷	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
高	O	O
、	O	O
噪	O	O
声	O	O
小	O	O
、	O	O
各	O	O
功	O	O
能	O	O
均	O	O
正	O	O
常	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
型	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
了	O	O
估	O	O
算	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
很	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

春	O	O
播	O	O
期	O	O
，	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
平	O	B-LOC
原	O	E-LOC
地	O	O
区	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
为	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
℃	O	O
，	O	O
略	O	O
高	O	O
于	O	O
常	O	O
年	O	O
（	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
．	O	O
8	O	O
℃	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
较	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
；	O	O
3	O	O
—	O	O
5	O	O
月	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
均	O	O
气	O	O
温	O	O
分	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
—	O	O
6	O	O
℃	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
℃	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
℃	O	O
—	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
，	O	O
均	O	O
低	O	O
于	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
同	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
．	O	O
7	O	O
℃	O	O
、	O	O
1	O	O
4	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
℃	O	O
和	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
℃	O	O
。	O	O

专	O	O
家	O	O
们	O	O
介	O	O
绍	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
球	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
变	O	O
暖	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
北	O	O
方	O	O
增	O	O
暖	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
，	O	O
南	O	O
方	O	O
不	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
已	O	O
是	O	O
连	O	O
续	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
暖	O	O
冬	O	O
；	O	O
秋	O	O
、	O	O
春	O	O
季	O	O
次	O	O
之	O	O
；	O	O
夏	O	O
季	O	O
是	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
最	O	O
不	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
季	O	O
节	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
少	O	O
持	O	O
币	O	O
待	O	O
购	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
的	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
关	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
要	O	O
话	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
很	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
能	O	O
说	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
被	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
逐	O	O
渐	O	O
纳	O	O
入	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
已	O	O
走	O	O
向	O	O
集	O	O
约	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
大	O	O
户	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
不	O	O
再	O	O
拿	O	O
价	O	O
格	O	O
利	O	O
剑	O	O
相	O	O
互	O	O
拼	O	O
杀	O	O
。	O	O

继	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
批	O	O
量	O	O
上	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
频	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
已	O	O
开	O	O
始	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
百	O	O
姓	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
。	O	O

安	O	O
装	O	O
一	O	O
般	O	O
由	O	O
厂	O	O
家	O	O
负	O	O
责	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
货	O	O
则	O	O
由	O	O
商	O	O
家	O	O
承	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
商	O	O
场	O	O
都	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
送	O	O
货	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
无	O	O
搬	O	O
动	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
从	O	O
商	O	O
场	O	O
交	O	O
款	O	O
到	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
到	O	O
家	O	O
到	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
需	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
动	O	O
手	O	O
，	O	O
送	O	O
货	O	O
人	O	O
会	O	O
把	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
办	O	O
妥	O	O
当	O	O
。	O	O

珠	B-ORG	B-ORG
海	I-ORG	I-ORG
格	I-ORG	I-ORG
力	I-ORG	I-ORG
电	I-ORG	I-ORG
器	I-ORG	I-ORG
股	I-ORG	I-ORG
份	I-ORG	I-ORG
有	I-ORG	I-ORG
限	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
副	O	O
总	O	O
经	O	O
理	O	O
董	B-PER	B-PER
明	I-PER	I-PER
珠	E-PER	E-PER
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
的	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
要	O	O
强	O	O
化	O	O
售	O	O
前	O	O
售	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
观	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
专	O	O
卖	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
姓	O	O
张	S-PER	S-PER
的	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
工	O	O
薪	O	O
阶	O	O
层	O	O
，	O	O
买	O	O
空	O	O
调	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
小	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
考	O	O
虑	O	O
到	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
湖	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
成	O	O
人	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
加	O	O
盟	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
声	O	O
势	O	O
浩	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
湘	S-LOC	S-LOC
军	O	O
方	O	O
阵	O	O
”	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
今	O	O
明	O	O
两	O	O
年	O	O
陆	O	O
续	O	O
推	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
童	O	O
话	O	O
既	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
属	O	O
于	O	O
乡	O	O
村	O	O
的	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
个	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
《	O	O
夏	O	O
天	O	O
的	O	O
恐	O	O
慌	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
一	O	O
篇	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
和	O	O
前	O	O
篇	O	O
相	O	O
映	O	O
成	O	O
趣	O	O
地	O	O
构	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
风	O	O
景	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
禁	O	O
要	O	O
问	O	O
：	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
了	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
良	O	O
心	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
还	O	O
能	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
的	O	O
欢	O	O
迎	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

这	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
真	O	O
切	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
所	O	O
包	O	O
含	O	O
着	O	O
的	O	O
厚	O	O
重	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
使	O	O
命	O	O
感	O	O
和	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
感	O	O
油	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
生	O	O
。	O	O

关	O	O
于	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
小	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
涉	O	O
及	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
很	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
诸	O	O
如	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
扬	O	O
长	O	O
避	O	O
短	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
面	O	O
向	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
又	O	O
保	O	O
持	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
品	O	O
格	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O
，	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
要	O	O
看	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
《	O	O
白	B-LOC	B-LOC
鹿	I-LOC	I-LOC
原	E-LOC	E-LOC
》	O	O
前	O	O
后	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
忠	I-PER	I-PER
实	E-PER	E-PER
照	O	O
片	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
数	O	O
一	O	O
数	O	O
在	O	O
数	O	O
年	O	O
辛	O	O
苦	O	O
中	O	O
脸	O	O
上	O	O
堆	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
道	O	O
深	O	O
褶	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
他	O	O
要	O	O
为	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
写	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
身	O	O
后	O	O
垫	O	O
“	O	O
枕	O	O
头	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
句	O	O
痛	O	O
辞	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
悲	O	O
壮	O	O
。	O	O

但	O	O
在	O	O
他	O	O
心	O	O
中	O	O
执	O	O
著	O	O
于	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
信	O	O
念	O	O
：	O	O
我	O	O
要	O	O
给	O	O
后	O	O
辈	O	O
的	O	O
年	O	O
轻	O	O
人	O	O
看	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
走	O	O
过	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
实	O	O
是	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
而	O	O
多	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
式	O	O
和	O	O
角	O	O
度	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
多	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
有	O	O
益	O	O
尝	O	O
试	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
化	O	O
为	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
“	O	O
武	O	O
库	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
器	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
像	O	O
袁	B-PER	O
鹰	E-PER	O
所	O	O
说	O	O
的	O	O
那	O	O
样	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
的	O	O
题	O	O
材	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
定	O	O
的	O	O
沉	O	O
淀	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
实	O	O
与	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
直	O	O
面	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
的	O	O
母	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

河	B-LOC	B-ORG
北	E-LOC	I-ORG
蔚	B-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
编	O	O
纂	O	O
人	B-ORG	O
大	E-ORG	O
志	O	O
本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
《	O	B-ORG
蔚	B-ORG	I-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	I-ORG
志	O	E-ORG
》	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
河	B-LOC	B-LOC
北	I-LOC	I-LOC
省	E-LOC	E-LOC
及	O	O
张	B-LOC	B-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
口	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
县	O	O
级	O	O
人	B-ORG	O
大	E-ORG	O
专	O	O
志	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
由	O	O
蔚	B-ORG	B-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
编	O	O
纂	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
少	O	O
年	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
日	O	O
渐	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
犯	O	O
罪	O	O
率	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
倍	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
向	O	O
低	O	O
龄	O	O
、	O	O
团	O	O
伙	O	O
、	O	O
恶	O	O
劣	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

武	B-ORG	B-ORG
汉	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
常	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
会	E-ORG	E-ORG
今	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
还	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
决	O	O
议	O	O
，	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
今	O	O
后	O	O
人	B-ORG	O
大	E-ORG	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
一	O	O
府	O	O
两	O	O
院	O	O
”	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
命	O	O
前	O	O
都	O	O
将	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
人	B-ORG	O
大	E-ORG	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
的	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
，	O	O
考	O	O
试	O	O
不	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
者	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
上	O	O
岗	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
初	O	O
，	O	O
武	B-LOC	B-LOC
汉	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
新	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
班	O	O
子	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
法	B-ORG	O
院	I-ORG	O
执	I-ORG	O
行	I-ORG	O
庭	E-ORG	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
做	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
双	O	O
方	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
达	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
和	O	O
解	O	O
。	O	O

南	B-ORG	B-ORG
县	I-ORG	I-ORG
法	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
抓	O	O
住	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
契	O	O
机	O	O
，	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
执	O	O
行	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
行	O	O
政	O	O
机	O	O
关	O	O
当	O	O
被	O	O
告	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
很	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
。	O	O

人	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
性	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
做	O	O
好	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
每	O	O
个	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
都	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
法	O	O
律	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
，	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
规	O	O
律	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
上	O	O
取	O	O
得	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
绩	O	O
。	O	O

建	O	O
设	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
法	O	O
制	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
完	O	O
善	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
大	O	O
会	O	O
制	O	O
度	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
趋	O	O
势	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
不	O	O
懈	O	O
为	O	O
之	O	O
奋	O	O
斗	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

同	O	O
时	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
好	O	O
人	B-ORG	B-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
工	O	O
作	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
退	O	O
到	O	O
『	O	O
二	O	O
线	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

去	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
城	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
发	O	O
生	O	O
赵	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
强	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
范	B-PER	O
金	I-PER	O
城	E-PER	O
故	O	O
意	O	O
杀	O	O
人	O	O
案	O	O
，	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
恶	O	O
劣	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
为	O	O
了	O	O
压	O	O
缩	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
必	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
设	O	O
施	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
添	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
年	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
打	O	O
工	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
许	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
引	O	O
航	O	O
人	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
拥	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
与	O	O
技	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
会	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
者	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
写	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
加	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
编	O	O
辑	O	O
的	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
引	O	O
荐	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
图	O	O
书	O	O
馆	O	O
当	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
名	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

读	O	O
书	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
积	O	O
累	O	O
能	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
为	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
财	O	O
富	O	O
作	O	O
准	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
大	O	O
可	O	O
不	O	O
必	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
清	O	O
寒	O	O
而	O	O
耳	O	O
热	O	O
。	O	O

大	O	O
学	O	O
毕	O	O
业	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
了	O	O
继	O	O
续	O	O
读	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
攻	O	O
读	O	O
硕	O	O
士	O	O
学	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
所	O	O
师	O	O
范	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
。	O	O

饮	O	O
食	O	O
不	O	O
当	O	O
也	O	O
可	O	O
诱	O	O
发	O	O
银	O	O
屑	O	O
病	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
饮	O	O
酒	O	O
、	O	O
食	O	O
辛	O	O
辣	O	O
、	O	O
鱼	O	O
虾	O	O
、	O	O
牛	O	O
羊	O	O
肉	O	O
等	O	O
均	O	O
可	O	O
诱	O	O
发	O	O
此	O	O
病	O	O
或	O	O
复	O	O
发	O	O
。	O	O

银	O	O
屑	O	O
病	O	O
的	O	O
病	O	O
因	O	O
与	O	O
防	O	O
治	O	O
（	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
保	O	O
健	O	O
常	O	O
识	O	O
8	O	O
1	O	O
）	O	O

普	O	O
通	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
爱	O	O
听	O	O
那	O	O
些	O	O
讲	O	O
述	O	O
普	O	O
通	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
平	O	O
凡	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
些	O	O
事	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
很	O	O
小	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
微	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
然	O	O
而	O	O
对	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
家	O	O
庭	O	O
、	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
职	O	O
工	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
小	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

陈	B-PER	B-PER
明	I-PER	I-PER
珠	E-PER	E-PER
（	O	O
入	O	O
选	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
商	I-ORG	I-ORG
管	I-ORG	I-ORG
理	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
企	O	O
管	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
学	O	O
生	O	O
）	O	O
：	O	O
从	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
到	O	O
现	O	O
在	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
给	O	O
予	O	O
了	O	O
我	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
爱	O	O
和	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
博	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
种	O	O
深	O	O
厚	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
一	O	O
生	O	O
都	O	O
难	O	O
以	O	O
忘	O	O
怀	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
1	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
两	O	O
大	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
是	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
综	O	O
合	O	O
国	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
竞	O	O
争	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
得	O	O
不	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
面	O	O
临	O	O
着	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
；	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
女	O	O
童	O	O
的	O	O
辍	O	O
学	O	O
也	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
令	O	O
人	O	O
担	O	O
忧	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
盲	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
味	O	O
着	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
的	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
；	O	O
农	O	O
村	O	O
妇	O	O
女	O	O
所	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
用	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
也	O	O
只	O	O
停	O	O
留	O	O
在	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
的	O	O
普	O	O
及	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
待	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
幸	O	O
福	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
功	O	O
德	O	O
无	O	O
量	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
为	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
病	O	O
也	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
看	O	O
医	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
妨	O	O
碍	O	O
她	O	O
们	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
劳	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
因	O	O
素	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
常	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
知	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
苦	O	O
心	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
别	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
时	O	O
常	O	O
感	O	O
动	O	O
着	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
。	O	O

选	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
件	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
情	O	O
真	O	O
意	O	O
切	O	O
，	O	O
耐	O	O
人	O	O
咀	O	O
嚼	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
书	O	O
在	O	O
谋	O	O
篇	O	O
布	O	O
局	O	O
上	O	O
按	O	O
照	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
十	B-ORG	B-ORG
五	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	E-ORG	E-ORG
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
突	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
着	O	O
三	O	O
大	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
五	O	O
项	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
匠	O	O
心	O	O
独	O	O
具	O	O
。	O	O

上	O	O
述	O	O
题	O	O
目	O	O
只	O	O
是	O	O
数	O	O
点	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
内	O	O
容	O	O
，	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

商	O	O
业	O	O
饮	O	O
食	O	O
和	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
门	O	O
楣	O	O
、	O	O
橱	O	O
窗	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
装	O	O
潢	O	O
要	O	O
美	O	O
观	O	O
典	O	O
雅	O	O
；	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
柜	O	O
台	O	O
岗	O	O
位	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
要	O	O
热	O	O
情	O	O
周	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
礼	O	O
貌	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
强	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
公	O	O
德	O	O
和	O	O
职	O	O
业	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
；	O	O
繁	O	O
华	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
、	O	O
路	O	O
口	O	O
要	O	O
卫	O	O
生	O	O
清	O	O
洁	O	O
，	O	O
井	O	O
然	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
，	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
气	O	O
息	O	O
的	O	O
城	O	O
市	O	O
商	O	O
业	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
读	O	O
一	O	O
读	O	O
这	O	O
套	O	O
丛	O	O
书	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
探	O	O
险	O	O
、	O	O
奇	O	O
遇	O	O
”	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
，	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
会	O	O
大	O	O
开	O	O
眼	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
个	O	O
网	O	O
络	O	O
连	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
绍	I-PER	I-PER
良	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
翁	B-PER	O
万	I-PER	O
弋	E-PER	O
、	O	O
潘	B-PER	B-PER
吉	I-PER	I-PER
星	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
著	O	O
名	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
益	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
王	B-PER	B-PER
仿	I-PER	I-PER
子	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
万	B-PER	O
名	I-PER	O
盈	E-PER	O
等	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
界	O	O
耆	O	O
宿	O	O
，	O	O
连	O	O
接	O	O
着	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
祖	I-PER	I-PER
泽	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
叶	B-PER	B-PER
裕	I-PER	I-PER
彬	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
须	B-PER	B-PER
汉	I-PER	I-PER
兴	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
春	I-PER	I-PER
霖	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
香	B-LOC	B-LOC
港	E-LOC	E-LOC
爱	O	O
国	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
术	O	O
渐	O	O
渐	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
史	O	O
料	O	O
记	O	O
载	O	O
，	O	O
唐	O	O
贞	O	O
观	O	O
十	O	O
年	O	O
（	O	O
公	O	O
元	O	O
6	O	O
3	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
）	O	O
，	O	O
唐	B-PER	B-PER
太	I-PER	I-PER
宗	E-PER	E-PER
下	O	O
令	O	O
梓	O	O
行	O	O
《	O	O
女	O	O
则	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
书	O	O
以	O	O
纪	O	O
念	O	O
长	B-PER	O
孙	E-PER	O
皇	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
有	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
记	O	O
载	O	O
的	O	O
最	O	O
早	O	O
的	O	O
雕	O	O
版	O	O
印	O	O
刷	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

置	O	O
身	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
落	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
印	B-LOC	B-LOC
刷	I-LOC	I-LOC
博	I-LOC	I-LOC
物	I-LOC	I-LOC
馆	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
自	O	O
豪	O	O
感	O	O
会	O	O
从	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
底	O	O
蓦	O	O
然	O	O
升	O	O
起	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
文	O	O
化	O	O
自	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
足	O	O
以	O	O
傲	O	O
世	O	O
的	O	O
博	O	O
大	O	O
胸	O	O
怀	O	O
和	O	O
对	O	O
美	O	O
好	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
执	O	O
著	O	O
追	O	O
求	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
愿	O	O
意	O	O
她	O	O
多	O	O
见	O	O
识	O	O
新	O	O
世	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
她	O	O
记	O	O
住	O	O
咱	O	O
们	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
孙	S-PER	B-PER
猴	O	I-PER
子	O	E-PER
、	O	O
牛	O	O
郎	O	O
织	O	O
女	O	O
、	O	O
鲤	O	O
鱼	O	O
跳	O	O
龙	O	O
门	O	O
和	O	O
小	O	O
猫	O	O
钓	O	O
鱼	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
小	O	O
呀	O	O
么	O	O
小	O	O
儿	O	O
郎	O	O
，	O	O
背	O	O
起	O	O
书	O	O
包	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
堂	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
怕	O	O
太	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	E-LOC	E-LOC
晒	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
怕	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
狂	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
怕	O	O
先	O	O
生	O	O
骂	O	O
我	O	O
懒	O	O
呀	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
学	O	O
问	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
无	O	O
脸	O	O
见	O	O
爹	O	O
娘	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

这	O	O
种	O	O
船	O	O
能	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
航	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
游	O	O
、	O	O
不	O	O
改	O	O
变	O	O
湖	O	O
区	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
水	O	O
底	O	O
清	O	O
淤	O	O
。	O	O

许	O	O
多	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
师	O	O
谈	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
将	O	O
目	O	O
光	O	O
转	O	O
向	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
风	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
与	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
审	O	O
美	O	O
的	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
、	O	O
理	O	O
念	O	O
融	O	O
合	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
无	O	O
穷	O	O
美	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O

游	O	O
人	O	O
要	O	O
拍	O	O
照	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
先	O	O
交	O	O
银	O	O
钱	O	O
若	O	O
干	O	O
，	O	O
尔	O	O
后	O	O
方	O	O
可	O	O
进	O	O
入	O	O
圈	O	O
内	O	O
取	O	O
景	O	O
。	O	O

潞	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
矿	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
重	O	O
点	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
把	O	O
推	O	O
广	O	O
节	O	O
能	O	O
灯	O	O
与	O	O
计	O	O
划	O	O
用	O	O
电	O	O
挂	O	O
钩	O	O
，	O	O
奖	O	O
罚	O	O
分	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
调	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
节	O	O
能	O	O
灯	O	O
的	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
区	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
区	O	O
都	O	O
换	O	O
上	O	O
节	O	O
能	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
年	O	O
节	O	O
电	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
千	O	O
瓦	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
节	O	O
省	O	O
电	O	O
费	O	O
5	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
成	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
省	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
绿	O	O
色	O	O
照	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
样	O	O
板	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

丰	O	O
富	O	O
多	O	O
彩	O	O
又	O	O
省	O	O
电	O	O
的	O	O
节	O	O
能	O	O
灯	O	O
，	O	O
本	O	O
是	O	O
装	O	O
修	O	O
新	O	O
房	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
选	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
些	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
节	O	O
能	O	O
灯	O	O
已	O	O
占	O	O
照	O	O
明	O	O
光	O	O
源	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
至	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
，	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
白	O	O
炽	O	O
灯	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
被	O	O
淘	O	O
汰	O	O
。	O	O

防	O	O
盗	O	O
保	O	O
险	O	O
柜	O	O
倘	O	O
若	O	O
自	O	O
身	O	O
质	O	O
量	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
硬	O	O
，	O	O
怎	O	O
能	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
存	O	O
放	O	O
的	O	O
贵	O	O
重	O	O
物	O	O
品	O	O
安	O	O
全	O	O
？	O	O

她	O	O
萌	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
创	O	O
办	O	O
服	O	O
装	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
厂	O	O
的	O	O
念	O	O
头	O	O
。	O	O

毕	O	O
竟	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
小	O	O
数	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
包	O	O
袱	O	O
对	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
沉	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

火	O	O
灾	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
玉	B-LOC	B-LOC
泉	I-LOC	I-LOC
营	I-LOC	I-LOC
环	I-LOC	I-LOC
岛	I-LOC	I-LOC
家	I-LOC	I-LOC
具	I-LOC	I-LOC
城	E-LOC	E-LOC
下	O	O
班	O	O
清	O	O
场	O	O
之	O	O
后	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
此	O	O
前	O	O
有	O	O
少	O	O
量	O	O
善	O	O
本	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
售	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
杨	B-PER	B-PER
铁	I-PER	I-PER
崖	E-PER	E-PER
乐	O	O
府	O	O
》	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
其	O	O
中	O	O
之	O	O
一	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
多	O	O
素	O	O
衣	O	O
无	O	O
华	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
修	O	O
边	O	O
幅	O	O
；	O	O
品	O	O
茗	O	O
吟	O	O
诵	O	O
，	O	O
赏	O	O
花	O	O
闲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
似	O	O
几	O	O
许	O	O
慵	O	O
懒	O	O
，	O	O
却	O	O
也	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
分	O	O
自	O	O
在	O	O
。	O	O

张	B-PER	B-PER
鸿	I-PER	I-PER
飞	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
工	O	O
笔	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
柔	O	O
姿	O	O
劲	O	O
态	O	O
，	O	O
动	O	O
静	O	O
相	O	O
生	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
墨	O	O
浓	O	O
枯	O	O
而	O	O
淡	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
传	O	O
情	O	O
形	O	O
妙	O	O
而	O	O
神	O	O
融	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
资	O	O
深	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
肯	O	O
定	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
展	O	O
览	O	O
平	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
分	O	O
“	O	O
苦	O	O
涩	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
些	O	O
，	O	O
既	O	O
是	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
，	O	O
无	O	O
论	O	O
“	O	O
低	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
”	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
高	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
好	O	O
坏	O	O
美	O	O
丑	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
大	O	O
多	O	O
数	O	O
人	O	O
心	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
同	O	O
和	O	O
默	O	O
契	O	O
。	O	O

既	O	O
讲	O	O
“	O	O
写	O	O
字	O	O
”	O	O
：	O	O
先	O	O
须	O	O
横	O	O
平	O	O
竖	O	O
直	O	O
，	O	O
端	O	O
正	O	O
匀	O	O
齐	O	O
，	O	O
笔	O	O
画	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
饱	O	O
满	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
、	O	O
形	O	O
态	O	O
合	O	O
矩	O	O
；	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
来	O	O
历	O	O
、	O	O
见	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
、	O	O
具	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
；	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
字	O	O
如	O	O
其	O	O
人	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
心	O	O
画	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
的	O	O
字	O	O
里	O	O
行	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
情	O	O
、	O	O
修	O	O
养	O	O
和	O	O
审	O	O
美	O	O
情	O	O
趣	O	O
，	O	O
更	O	O
象	O	O
征	O	O
着	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
道	O	O
德	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
文	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
。	O	O

王	B-PER	B-PER
羲	I-PER	I-PER
之	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
《	O	O
兰	O	O
亭	O	O
序	O	O
》	O	O
、	O	O
颜	S-PER	O
筋	O	O
柳	S-PER	O
骨	O	O
、	O	O
颠	O	O
张	S-PER	O
醉	O	O
素	S-PER	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
后	O	O
人	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
的	O	O
楷	O	O
模	O	O
和	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
。	O	O

的	O	O
确	O	O
，	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
今	O	O
在	O	O
定	O	O
义	O	O
上	O	O
产	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
疑	O	O
惑	O	O
、	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
上	O	O
出	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
分	O	O
歧	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
写	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
诀	O	O
窍	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
书	O	O
法	O	O
朝	O	O
哪	O	O
个	O	O
方	O	O
向	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
比	O	O
较	O	O
有	O	O
利	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

郑	S-PER	S-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
有	O	O
胆	O	O
有	O	O
识	O	O
追	O	O
寻	O	O
“	O	O
大	O	O
美	O	O
”	O	O
通	O	O
境	O	O
的	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

郑	S-PER	S-PER
先	O	O
生	O	O
在	O	O
耄	O	O
耋	O	O
之	O	O
年	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
变	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
品	O	O
充	O	O
溢	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
股	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
跃	O	O
动	O	O
感	O	O
。	O	O

试	O	O
以	O	O
其	O	O
工	O	O
笔	O	O
重	O	O
彩	O	O
花	O	O
鸟	O	O
画	O	O
来	O	O
赏	O	O
析	O	O
：	O	O
双	O	O
勾	O	O
白	O	O
描	O	O
若	O	O
得	O	O
神	O	O
助	O	O
，	O	O
腕	O	O
运	O	O
沉	O	O
稳	O	O
，	O	O
又	O	O
灵	O	O
动	O	O
似	O	O
飞	O	O
燕	O	O
掠	O	O
空	O	O
；	O	O
可	O	O
谓	O	O
隐	O	O
刚	O	O
健	O	O
于	O	O
流	O	O
丽	O	O
，	O	O
藏	O	O
苍	O	O
劲	O	O
于	O	O
婀	O	O
娜	O	O
。	O	O

天	O	O
道	O	O
酬	O	O
勤	O	O
，	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
在	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
绘	O	O
画	O	O
用	O	O
线	O	O
、	O	O
造	O	O
型	O	O
、	O	O
构	O	O
图	O	O
、	O	O
赋	O	O
彩	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
题	O	O
跋	O	O
诸	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
与	O	O
前	O	O
人	O	O
有	O	O
着	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
的	O	O
突	O	O
破	O	O
与	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

解	O	O
放	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
北	O	O
上	O	O
客	O	O
居	O	O
西	B-LOC	B-LOC
安	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
先	O	O
为	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
协	E-ORG	E-ORG
专	O	O
业	O	O
画	O	O
师	O	O
，	O	O
后	O	O
调	O	O
西	B-ORG	B-ORG
安	I-ORG	I-ORG
美	I-ORG	I-ORG
术	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
任	O	O
教	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
全	O	O
支	O	O
队	O	O
共	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
2	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
个	O	O
少	O	O
数	O	O
民	O	O
族	O	O
战	O	O
士	O	O
入	O	O
党	O	O
，	O	O
2	O	O
7	O	O
人	O	O
被	O	O
上	O	O
级	O	O
提	O	O
拔	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
有	O	O
县	O	O
乡	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
和	O	O
帮	O	O
扶	O	O
，	O	O
养	O	O
殖	O	O
业	O	O
慢	O	O
慢	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
自	O	O
家	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
储	O	O
水	O	O
柜	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
过	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
在	O	O
村	O	O
边	O	O
起	O	O
伏	O	O
的	O	O
山	O	O
峦	O	O
间	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
一	O	O
口	O	O
石	O	O
块	O	O
垒	O	O
砌	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
水	O	O
塘	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
是	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
靠	O	O
天	O	O
吃	O	O
水	O	O
的	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O

走	O	O
近	O	O
村	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
远	O	O
远	O	O
地	O	O
便	O	O
听	O	O
见	O	O
“	O	O
轰	O	O
轰	O	O
”	O	O
作	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
器	O	O
声	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
声	O	O
音	O	O
似	O	O
乎	O	O
给	O	O
这	O	O
隐	O	O
在	O	O
深	O	O
山	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
村	O	O
子	O	O
带	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
别	O	O
样	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
。	O	O

原	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
让	O	O
瑶	O	O
民	O	O
们	O	O
“	O	O
走	O	O
破	O	O
脚	O	O
板	O	O
，	O	O
背	O	O
歪	O	O
肩	O	O
膀	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
石	O	O
山	O	O
区	O	O
，	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
是	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
水	O	O
！	O	O

上	O	O
山	O	O
的	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
不	O	O
时	O	O
地	O	O
和	O	O
上	O	O
下	O	O
山	O	O
的	O	O
瑶	O	O
民	O	O
相	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
正	O	O
肩	O	O
背	O	O
头	O	O
顶	O	O
地	O	O
从	O	O
山	O	O
下	O	O
往	O	O
山	O	O
上	O	O
运	O	O
石	O	O
灰	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
桂	S-LOC	B-LOC
西	O	I-LOC
田	B-LOC	E-LOC
东	I-LOC	B-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
县	O	O
城	O	O
沿	O	O
龙	B-LOC	B-LOC
须	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
西	O	O
行	O	O
约	O	O
百	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
田	B-LOC	B-LOC
东	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
贫	O	O
困	O	O
乡	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
作	B-LOC	O
登	I-LOC	O
乡	E-LOC	O
。	O	O

欲	O	O
寻	O	O
其	O	O
幽	O	O
深	O	O
韵	O	O
致	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
以	O	O
为	O	O
非	O	O
亲	O	O
往	O	O
探	O	O
之	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
！	O	O

这	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
们	O	O
落	O	O
落	O	O
大	O	O
方	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
物	O	O
传	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
爽	O	O
快	O	O
地	O	O
把	O	O
早	O	O
已	O	O
用	O	O
竹	O	O
篮	O	O
、	O	O
绣	O	O
帕	O	O
盛	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
五	O	O
彩	O	O
“	O	O
姊	O	O
妹	O	O
饭	O	O
”	O	O
赠	O	O
予	O	O
对	O	O
方	O	O
。	O	O

白	O	O
天	O	O
，	O	O
姑	O	O
娘	O	O
小	O	O
伙	O	O
子	O	O
们	O	O
纵	O	O
歌	O	O
蹁	O	O
跹	O	O
于	O	O
踩	O	O
鼓	O	O
堂	O	O
、	O	O
芦	O	O
笙	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
斗	O	O
智	O	O
斗	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
龙	O	O
舟	O	O
赛	O	O
、	O	O
斗	O	O
牛	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
跑	O	O
马	O	O
坡	O	O
，	O	O
比	O	O
美	O	O
比	O	O
富	O	O
于	O	O
集	O	O
市	O	O
、	O	O
寨	O	O
头	O	O
、	O	O
河	O	O
滩	O	O
、	O	O
山	O	O
野	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
台	B-LOC	B-LOC
江	E-LOC	E-LOC
这	O	O
块	O	O
苗	O	O
族	O	O
聚	O	O
居	O	O
最	O	O
为	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
神	O	O
奇	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
苗	O	O
族	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
浓	O	O
厚	O	O
。	O	O

西	O	O
瓜	O	O
节	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
西	O	O
瓜	O	O
盛	O	O
产	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
大	B-LOC	B-LOC
兴	I-LOC	I-LOC
县	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
近	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
将	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
6	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
8	O	O
日	O	O
至	O	O
7	O	O
月	O	O
2	O	O
日	O	O
定	O	O
为	O	O
西	O	O
瓜	O	O
节	O	O
，	O	O
借	O	O
瓜	O	O
扬	O	O
名	O	O
，	O	O
广	O	O
结	O	O
四	O	O
海	O	O
宾	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
县	O	O
域	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
。	O	O

为	O	O
了	O	O
不	O	O
辜	O	O
负	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
期	O	O
望	O	O
，	O	O
应	O	O
内	B-ORG	B-ORG
蒙	I-ORG	I-ORG
古	I-ORG	I-ORG
人	I-ORG	I-ORG
民	I-ORG	I-ORG
教	I-ORG	I-ORG
育	I-ORG	I-ORG
出	I-ORG	I-ORG
版	I-ORG	I-ORG
社	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
约	O	O
请	O	O
，	O	O
作	O	O
者	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
利	E-PER	E-PER
又	O	O
写	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
近	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
字	O	O
的	O	O
长	O	O
篇	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
文	O	O
学	O	O
《	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
和	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
》	O	O
，	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
已	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
发	O	O
行	O	O
。	O	O

本	O	O
报	O	O
讯	O	O
记	O	O
者	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
笑	I-PER	I-PER
浪	E-PER	E-PER
报	O	O
道	O	O
：	O	O
《	O	O
三	O	O
千	O	O
孤	O	O
儿	O	O
和	O	O
草	O	O
原	O	O
母	O	O
亲	O	O
》	O	O
一	O	O
文	O	O
，	O	O
自	O	O
去	O	O
年	O	O
8	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
3	O	O
日	O	O
在	O	O
本	O	O
版	O	O
刊	O	O
出	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
读	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
为	O	O
寺	O	O
庙	O	O
僧	O	O
尼	O	O
开	O	O
设	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
窗	O	O
口	O	O
，	O	O
设	O	O
置	O	O
僧	O	O
尼	O	O
病	O	O
床	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
免	O	O
费	O	O
医	O	O
疗	O	O
证	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

西	B-ORG	B-ORG
藏	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
区	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
医	I-ORG	I-ORG
院	E-ORG	E-ORG
四	O	O
十	O	O
三	O	O
年	O	O
为	O	O
驻	O	O
地	O	O
寺	O	O
庙	O	O
僧	O	O
尼	O	O
义	O	O
务	O	O
巡	O	O
诊	O	O
送	O	O
药	O	O
，	O	O
情	O	O
深	O	O
意	O	O
浓	O	O
，	O	O
名	O	O
扬	O	O
高	O	O
原	O	O

民	O	O
族	O	O
地	O	O
区	O	O
农	O	O
牧	O	O
业	O	O
产	O	O
值	O	O
占	O	O
国	O	O
民	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
2	O	O
／	O	O
3	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
农	O	O
牧	O	O
业	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
占	O	O
总	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
的	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
强	O	O
，	O	O
尽	O	O
管	O	O
第	O	O
一	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
比	O	O
重	O	O
过	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
反	O	O
映	O	O
了	O	O
区	O	O
域	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
结	O	O
构	O	O
的	O	O
原	O	O
始	O	O
性	O	O
与	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
稳	O	O
步	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
农	O	O
牧	O	O
业	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
动	O	O
摇	O	O
的	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
。	O	O

实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
落	O	O
后	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
下	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
、	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
困	O	O
难	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
温	O	O
饱	O	O
是	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

职	O	O
工	O	O
们	O	O
都	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
面	O	O
有	O	O
分	B-ORG	O
局	E-ORG	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
血	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
卓	B-PER	O
奇	E-PER	O
的	O	O
汗	O	O
水	O	O
…	O	O
…	O	O

生	O	O
产	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
是	O	O
引	O	O
进	O	O
9	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
代	O	O
意	B-LOC	B-LOC
大	I-LOC	I-LOC
利	E-LOC	E-LOC
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
灌	O	O
装	O	O
线	O	O
和	O	O
美	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
水	O	O
处	O	O
理	O	O
设	O	O
备	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
的	O	O
构	O	O
想	O	O
刚	O	O
一	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
马	O	O
上	O	O
招	O	O
来	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
堆	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
就	O	O
咱	O	O
这	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
别	O	O
说	O	O
两	O	O
条	O	O
腿	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
三	O	O
条	O	O
腿	O	O
、	O	O
八	O	O
条	O	O
腿	O	O
走	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
开	O	O
出	O	O
工	O	O
资	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
错	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
少	O	O
折	O	O
腾	O	O
吧	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

当	O	O
过	O	O
好	O	O
几	O	O
年	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
分	O	O
处	O	O
处	O	O
长	O	O
的	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
卓	I-PER	I-PER
奇	E-PER	E-PER
，	O	O
在	O	O
经	O	O
过	O	O
深	O	O
思	O	O
熟	O	O
虑	O	O
后	O	O
，	O	O
和	O	O
党	O	B-ORG
委	O	E-ORG
一	O	O
班	O	O
人	O	O
果	O	O
断	O	O
地	O	O
向	O	O
局	O	O
里	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
学	O	O
会	O	O
两	O	O
条	O	O
腿	O	O
走	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
向	O	O
副	O	O
业	O	O
、	O	O
向	O	O
多	O	O
种	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
要	O	O
效	O	O
益	O	O
。	O	O

想	O	O
当	O	O
初	O	O
分	B-ORG	O
局	E-ORG	O
成	O	O
立	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
建	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
片	O	O
“	O	O
踏	O	O
头	O	O
草	O	O
”	O	O
沼	O	O
泽	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
称	O	O
为	O	O
“	B-ORG	O
帐	I-ORG	B-ORG
篷	I-ORG	I-ORG
”	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
。	O	O

铁	B-ORG	B-ORG
路	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
所	O	O
在	O	O
地	O	B-LOC
伊	B-LOC	I-LOC
图	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
是	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
口	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
1	O	O
万	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
镇	O	O
。	O	O

莽	O	B-LOC
莽	O	I-LOC
大	B-LOC	I-LOC
兴	I-LOC	I-LOC
安	I-LOC	I-LOC
岭	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
汤	O	B-LOC
汤	O	I-LOC
伊	B-LOC	I-LOC
图	I-LOC	I-LOC
里	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
，	O	O
养	O	O
育	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
又	O	O
一	O	O
代	O	O
热	O	O
血	O	O
赤	O	O
子	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
已	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
家	B-PER	O
佳	E-PER	O
，	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
真	I-PER	I-PER
国	E-PER	E-PER
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
取	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
名	O	O
字	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
让	O	O
女	O	O
儿	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
边	O	O
疆	O	O
当	O	O
成	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
思	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

在	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
保	O	O
卫	O	O
边	O	O
疆	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
斗	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
学	O	O
校	O	O
被	O	O
炮	O	O
弹	O	O
炸	O	O
毁	O	O
，	O	O
被	O	O
迫	O	O
停	O	O
课	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
2	O	O
6	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
周	B-PER	B-PER
真	I-PER	I-PER
国	E-PER	E-PER
是	O	O
云	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
边	O	O
防	O	O
某	O	O
团	O	O
“	O	O
钢	B-ORG	O
七	I-ORG	O
连	E-ORG	O
”	O	O
专	O	O
业	O	O
军	O	O
士	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
帐	B-ORG	B-ORG
篷	I-ORG	I-ORG
小	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	E-ORG	E-ORG
”	O	O
第	O	O
十	O	O
任	O	O
校	O	O
长	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
们	O	O
身	O	O
后	O	O
各	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
首	O	O
用	O	O
炽	O	O
热	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
怀	O	O
谱	O	O
写	O	O
出	O	O
的	O	O
乐	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
目	O	O
前	O	O
关	O	O
于	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
要	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
争	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
争	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
来	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
越	O	O
看	O	O
越	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
在	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
8	O	O
年	O	O
1	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
中	O	O
央	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
会	O	O
议	O	O
闭	O	O
幕	O	O
时	O	O
的	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
对	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
性	O	O
质	O	O
和	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
作	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
的	O	O
总	O	O
结	O	O
。	O	O

所	O	O
以	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
要	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
僵	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
要	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
来	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
二	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
告	O	O
诉	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
把	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
推	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
进	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
和	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
相	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
破	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
僵	O	O
化	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
就	O	O
一	O	O
批	O	O
“	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
、	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
、	O	O
勇	O	O
于	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
闯	O	O
将	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

第	O	O
一	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
场	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
使	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
地	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
是	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
切	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
与	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
根	O	O
本	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
场	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
于	O	O
它	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
向	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
凡	O	O
是	O	O
”	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
挑	O	O
战	O	O
，	O	O
重	O	O
申	O	O
了	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
被	O	O
人	O	O
遗	O	O
忘	O	O
了	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
原	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
才	O	O
是	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
的	O	O
唯	O	O
一	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
任	O	O
何	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
、	O	O
包	O	O
括	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
导	O	O
师	O	O
的	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
在	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
要	O	O
不	O	O
断	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
的	O	O
检	O	O
验	O	O
，	O	O
凡	O	O
是	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
被	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
证	O	O
明	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
就	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
改	O	O
正	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
鲜	O	O
明	O	O
地	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
指	O	O
出	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
凡	O	O
是	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
“	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
地	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
思	O	O
想	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
敏	O	O
锐	O	O
地	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
妨	O	O
碍	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
路	O	O
线	O	O
拨	O	O
乱	O	O
反	O	O
正	O	O
的	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
流	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
所	O	O
谓	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
凡	O	O
是	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
当	O	O
时	O	O
十	O	O
分	O	O
错	O	O
综	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
下	O	O
，	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
诸	O	O
多	O	O
复	O	O
杂	O	O
的	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
中	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
抓	O	O
住	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
矛	O	O
盾	O	O
入	O	O
手	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

思	O	O
想	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
，	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
有	O	O
力	O	O
地	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
。	O	O

邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
的	O	O
《	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
结	O	O
一	O	O
致	O	O
向	O	O
前	O	O
看	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
届	O	O
三	O	O
中	O	O
全	O	O
会	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
题	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
拨	O	O
乱	O	O
反	O	O
正	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
立	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
新	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
言	O	O
书	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
支	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
了	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
大	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
性	O	O
的	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

尤	O	O
其	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
在	O	O
把	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
与	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
实	O	O
际	O	O
和	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
特	O	O
征	O	O
相	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
的	O	O
进	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
第	O	O
二	O	O
次	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
性	O	O
飞	O	O
跃	O	O
。	O	O

从	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
的	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
和	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
关	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
党	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
新	O	O
闻	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
极	O	O
端	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
替	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
肩	O	O
负	O	O
着	O	O
澄	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
是	O	O
非	O	O
，	O	O
划	O	O
清	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
界	O	O
限	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
舆	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
人	O	O
民	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
大	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
。	O	O

他	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
讲	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
导	O	O
、	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
范	O	O
围	O	O
逐	O	O
步	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
就	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
用	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
思	O	O
想	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
多	O	O
次	O	O
同	O	O
党	O	O
内	O	O
同	O	O
志	O	O
谈	O	O
话	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
明	O	O
“	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
凡	O	O
是	O	O
”	O	O
不	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
是	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
髓	O	O
。	O	O

党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
军	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
依	O	O
据	O	O
对	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
格	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
和	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
和	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
系	O	O
列	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
确	O	O
立	O	O
了	O	O
国	O	O
防	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
跨	O	O
世	O	O
纪	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
变	O	O
革	O	O
的	O	O
步	O	O
伐	O	O
很	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
伴	O	O
随	O	O
高	O	O
新	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
在	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
的	O	O
广	O	O
泛	O	O
应	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
纷	O	O
纷	O	O
调	O	O
整	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
军	O	O
事	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
索	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
；	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
开	O	O
放	O	O
和	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
发	O	O
生	O	O
了	O	O
深	O	O
刻	O	O
变	O	O
化	O	O
。	O	O

确	O	O
保	O	O
深	O	O
化	O	O
改	O	O
革	O	O
各	O	O
项	O	O
任	O	O
务	O	O
的	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
，	O	O
直	O	O
接	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
的	O	O
振	O	O
兴	O	O
，	O	O
关	O	O
系	O	O
到	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
和	O	O
军	O	O
队	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
化	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
。	O	O

这	O	O
场	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
了	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
某	O	O
些	O	O
原	O	O
则	O	O
的	O	O
教	O	O
条	O	O
式	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
，	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
了	O	O
对	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
不	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
的	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
扭	O	O
曲	O	O
的	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
僵	O	O
化	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
，	O	O
冲	O	O
击	O	O
了	O	O
习	O	O
惯	O	O
于	O	O
“	O	O
拿	O	O
现	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
式	O	O
去	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
、	O	O
宰	O	O
割	O	O
、	O	O
裁	O	O
剪	O	O
无	O	O
限	O	O
丰	O	O
富	O	O
和	O	O
飞	O	O
速	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
实	O	O
践	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
唯	O	O
心	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
重	O	O
新	O	O
焕	O	O
发	O	O
了	O	O
蓬	O	O
勃	O	O
生	O	O
机	O	O
和	O	O
旺	O	O
盛	O	O
活	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
全	O	O
党	O	O
完	O	O
整	O	O
准	O	O
确	O	O
地	O	O
理	O	O
解	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
思	O	O
想	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
和	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
辟	O	O
了	O	O
道	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
国	O	O
际	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
运	O	O
动	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
谱	O	O
写	O	O
了	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
和	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
克	I-PER	I-PER
思	E-PER	E-PER
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
辉	O	O
煌	O	O
篇	O	O
章	O	O
。	O	O

2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
前	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
的	O	O
真	O	O
理	O	O
标	O	O
准	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
讨	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
上	O	O
一	O	O
件	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
深	O	O
远	O	O
意	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
的	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
于	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
不	O	O
值	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
苦	O	O
恼	O	O
；	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
变	O	O
不	O	O
了	O	O
钱	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
苦	O	O
恼	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
统	O	O
计	O	O
，	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
6	O	O
年	O	O
，	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
在	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
农	O	O
业	O	O
增	O	O
长	O	O
中	O	O
的	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
率	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
由	O	O
原	O	O
来	O	O
的	O	O
3	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
左	O	O
右	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
到	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
。	O	O

由	O	O
于	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
了	O	O
先	O	O
进	O	O
的	O	O
栽	O	O
培	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
年	O	O
黄	O	O
瓜	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
就	O	O
大	O	O
幅	O	O
度	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
，	O	O
纯	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
达	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
5	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
当	O	O
地	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
了	O	O
轰	O	O
动	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
更	O	O
好	O	O
地	O	O
为	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
服	O	O
务	O	O
，	O	O
为	O	O
外	O	O
来	O	O
务	O	O
工	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
充	O	O
分	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
联	O	O
系	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
桥	O	O
梁	O	O
和	O	O
纽	O	O
带	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

她	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
艰	O	O
苦	O	O
创	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
脱	O	O
贫	O	O
致	O	O
富	O	O
的	O	O
成	O	O
功	O	O
之	O	O
路	O	O
，	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
荣	O	O
获	O	O
“	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
共	O	O
青	O	O
团	O	O
员	O	O
”	O	O
、	O	O
“	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
十	O	O
大	O	O
杰	O	O
出	O	O
青	O	O
年	O	O
农	O	O
民	O	O
”	O	O
等	O	O
称	O	O
号	O	O
。	O	O

1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
4	O	O
年	O	O
4	O	O
月	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
怀	O	O
着	O	O
“	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
组	O	O
合	O	O
数	O	O
学	O	O
基	O	O
地	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
愿	O	O
，	O	O
放	O	O
弃	O	O
国	O	O
外	O	O
优	O	O
越	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
和	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
待	O	O
遇	O	O
，	O	O
毅	O	O
然	O	O
回	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
南	B-ORG	B-ORG
开	I-ORG	I-ORG
大	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
数	I-ORG	I-ORG
学	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
所	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
为	O	O
推	O	O
动	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
组	O	O
合	O	O
数	O	O
学	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
贡	O	O
献	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
力	O	O
量	O	O
。	O	O

还	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
在	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
评	O	O
估	O	O
时	O	O
将	O	O
欠	O	O
税	O	O
排	O	O
除	O	O
在	O	O
负	O	O
债	O	O
之	O	O
外	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
改	O	O
制	O	O
后	O	O
因	O	O
换	O	O
了	O	O
法	O	O
人	O	O
而	O	O
拒	O	O
不	O	O
认	O	O
账	O	O
，	O	O
造	O	O
成	O	O
欠	O	O
税	O	O
无	O	O
主	O	O
，	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
挂	O	O
账	O	O
。	O	O

伙	O	O
计	O	O
话	O	O
音	O	O
未	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
直	O	O
跟	O	O
踪	O	O
其	O	O
后	O	O
的	O	O
稽	O	O
查	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
穿	O	O
好	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
制	O	O
服	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
收	O	O
银	O	O
台	O	O
，	O	O
当	O	O
场	O	O
向	O	O
陈	S-PER	B-PER
小	O	I-PER
姐	O	E-PER
亮	O	O
出	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
证	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
法	O	O
对	O	O
该	O	O
酒	O	O
楼	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
检	O	O
查	O	O
。	O	O

收	O	O
费	O	O
的	O	O
陈	S-PER	O
小	O	O
姐	O	O
看	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
较	O	O
真	O	O
儿	O	O
，	O	O
急	O	O
忙	O	O
以	O	O
恳	O	O
求	O	O
的	O	O
口	O	O
气	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
正	O	O
式	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
正	O	O
好	O	O
用	O	O
完	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
否	O	O
明	O	O
天	O	O
以	O	O
收	O	O
据	O	O
来	O	O
换	O	O
取	O	O
？	O	O
”	O	O

稽	B-ORG	B-ORG
查	I-ORG	I-ORG
分	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
主	O	O
持	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
副	O	O
局	O	O
长	O	O
马	B-PER	B-PER
长	I-PER	I-PER
鸿	E-PER	E-PER
迅	O	O
速	O	O
拿	O	O
起	O	O
话	O	O
筒	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
位	O	O
举	O	O
报	O	O
人	O	O
说	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
华	B-ORG	B-ORG
龙	I-ORG	I-ORG
酒	I-ORG	I-ORG
楼	E-ORG	E-ORG
使	O	O
用	O	O
自	O	O
制	O	O
的	O	O
收	O	O
款	O	O
收	O	O
据	O	O
应	O	O
付	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
拒	O	O
绝	O	O
向	O	O
客	O	O
人	O	O
开	O	O
具	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
核	O	O
发	O	O
的	O	O
正	O	O
规	O	O
发	O	O
票	O	O
，	O	O
偷	O	O
逃	O	O
税	O	O
严	O	O
重	O	O
，	O	O
请	O	O
速	O	O
来	O	O
查	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O
”	O	O

国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
税	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
要	O	O
求	O	O
全	O	O
国	O	O
税	O	O
务	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
务	O	O
必	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
性	O	O
和	O	O
艰	O	O
巨	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
切	O	O
实	O	O
转	O	O
变	O	O
作	O	O
风	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
保	O	O
证	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
挤	O	O
干	O	O
柠	O	O
檬	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
本	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
眼	O	O
睛	O	O
向	O	O
内	O	O
，	O	O
变	O	O
被	O	O
动	O	O
为	O	O
主	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
堵	O	O
塞	O	O
漏	O	O
洞	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
加	O	O
收	O	O
入	O	O
。	O	O

请	O	O
问	O	O
国	B-ORG	B-ORG
家	I-ORG	I-ORG
税	I-ORG	I-ORG
务	I-ORG	I-ORG
总	I-ORG	I-ORG
局	E-ORG	E-ORG
准	O	O
备	O	O
在	O	O
征	O	O
管	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
采	O	O
取	O	O
哪	O	O
些	O	O
措	O	O
施	O	O
？	O	O

其	O	O
次	O	O
是	O	O
宏	O	O
观	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
环	O	O
境	O	O
较	O	O
为	O	O
宽	O	O
松	O	O
，	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
筹	O	O
资	O	O
成	O	O
本	O	O
明	O	O
显	O	O
降	O	O
低	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
潜	O	O
力	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
大	O	O
。	O	O

二	B-LOC	B-LOC
十	I-LOC	I-LOC
一	I-LOC	I-LOC
世	I-LOC	I-LOC
纪	I-LOC	I-LOC
演	I-LOC	I-LOC
艺	I-LOC	I-LOC
中	I-LOC	I-LOC
心	E-LOC	E-LOC
建	O	O
于	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
六	O	O
层	O	O
的	O	O
航	B-LOC	O
都	I-LOC	O
大	I-LOC	O
厦	E-LOC	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
体	O	O
设	O	O
计	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
于	O	O
大	O	O
剧	O	O
院	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
和	O	O
歌	O	O
舞	O	O
厅	O	O
艺	O	O
术	O	O
之	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
想	O	O
求	O	O
得	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
中	O	O
间	O	O
感	O	O
觉	O	O
。	O	O

记	O	O
得	O	O
小	O	O
时	O	O
候	O	O
在	O	O
桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
的	O	O
十	B-LOC	O
字	I-LOC	O
街	E-LOC	O
附	O	O
近	O	O
有	O	O
一	O	O
专	O	O
卖	O	O
碗	O	O
糕	O	O
的	O	O
小	O	O
店	O	O
，	O	O
现	O	O
做	O	O
现	O	O
卖	O	O
。	O	O

桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
多	O	O
山	O	O
，	O	O
山	O	O
珍	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
菜	O	O
肴	O	O
的	O	O
特	O	O
色	O	O
。	O	O

桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
还	O	O
喜	O	O
食	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
“	O	O
边	O	O
缘	O	O
”	O	O
蔬	O	O
菜	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
南	O	O
瓜	O	O
的	O	O
苗	O	O
和	O	O
花	O	O
、	O	O
辣	O	O
椒	O	O
的	O	O
嫩	O	O
叶	O	O
、	O	O
红	O	O
薯	O	O
的	O	O
藤	O	O
尖	O	O
、	O	O
柚	O	O
子	O	O
的	O	O
皮	O	O
等	O	O
等	O	O
。	O	O

卤	O	O
粉	O	O
则	O	O
用	O	O
鸡	O	O
鸭	O	O
猪	O	O
牛	O	O
肉	O	O
或	O	O
它	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
内	O	O
脏	O	O
卤	O	O
过	O	O
的	O	O
酱	O	O
汁	O	O
浇	O	O
拌	O	O
，	O	O
再	O	O
配	O	O
上	O	O
切	O	O
成	O	O
薄	O	O
片	O	O
的	O	O
卤	O	O
味	O	O
。	O	O

做	O	O
桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
米	O	O
粉	O	O
的	O	O
米	O	O
和	O	O
水	O	O
都	O	O
有	O	O
讲	O	O
究	O	O
，	O	O
米	O	O
要	O	O
用	O	O
桂	B-LOC	B-LOC
林	E-LOC	E-LOC
附	O	O
近	O	O
特	O	O
产	O	O
的	O	O
糙	O	O
米	O	O
，	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
以	O	O
桂	S-LOC	B-LOC
北	O	E-LOC
两	B-LOC	O
江	E-LOC	O
的	O	O
米	O	O
为	O	O
最	O	O
。	O	O

只	O	O
可	O	O
惜	O	O
赤	B-LOC	B-LOC
水	I-LOC	I-LOC
河	E-LOC	E-LOC
畔	O	O
的	O	O
茅	B-LOC	B-LOC
台	I-LOC	I-LOC
镇	E-LOC	E-LOC
地	O	O
僻	O	O
山	O	O
远	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
难	O	O
得	O	O
领	O	O
略	O	O
。	O	O

其	O	O
中	O	O
更	O	O
凝	O	O
聚	O	O
着	O	O
莫	B-PER	O
言	E-PER	O
对	O	O
于	O	O
珍	O	O
珠	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
围	O	O
绕	O	O
珍	O	O
珠	O	O
而	O	O
展	O	O
开	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
和	O	O
传	O	O
奇	O	O
长	O	O
达	O	O
数	O	O
年	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
考	O	O
。	O	O

最	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
路	O	O
上	O	O
旅	O	O
游	O	O
者	O	O
未	O	O
必	O	O
满	O	O
意	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
不	O	O
定	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
堆	O	O
。	O	O

好	O	O
像	O	O
对	O	O
旅	O	O
行	O	O
社	O	O
来	O	O
说	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
的	O	O
客	O	O
源	O	O
多	O	O
，	O	O
团	O	O
量	O	O
大	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
意	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

另	O	O
外	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
器	O	O
还	O	O
有	O	O
其	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
是	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
率	O	O
，	O	O
可	O	O
使	O	O
每	O	O
一	O	O
位	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
者	O	O
在	O	O
很	O	O
短	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
内	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
较	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
效	O	O
果	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
由	O	O
于	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
节	O	O
奏	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
的	O	O
余	O	O
暇	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
越	O	O
来	O	O
越	O	O
少	O	O
，	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
器	O	O
应	O	O
该	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
节	O	O
时	O	O
、	O	O
高	O	O
效	O	O
的	O	O
健	O	O
身	O	O
“	O	O
工	O	O
具	O	O
”	O	O
。	O	O

健	O	O
身	O	O
器	O	O
材	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
了	O	O
？	O	O

（	O	O
爱	O	O
康	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
）	O	O

》	O	O
一	O	O
文	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
现	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
妥	O	O
和	O	O
错	O	O
误	O	O
之	O	O
处	O	O
。	O	O

自	O	O
古	O	O
以	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
甄	O	O
别	O	O
真	O	O
伪	O	O
是	O	O
收	O	O
藏	O	O
的	O	O
先	O	O
决	O	O
与	O	O
主	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
年	O	O
坐	O	O
街	O	O
边	O	O
茶	O	O
馆	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
茶	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
走	O	O
进	O	O
来	O	O
浑	O	O
身	O	O
不	O	O
自	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
好	O	O
像	O	O
误	O	O
入	O	O
贾	B-LOC	O
府	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
存	O	O
心	O	O
要	O	O
店	O	O
大	O	O
欺	O	O
客	O	O
，	O	O
店	O	O
洋	O	O
镇	O	O
客	O	O
。	O	O

成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	E-LOC	E-LOC
人	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
闲	O	O
气	O	O
”	O	O
仍	O	O
在	O	O
，	O	O
品	O	O
茗	O	O
之	O	O
好	O	O
依	O	O
旧	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
据	O	O
说	O	O
每	O	O
年	O	O
要	O	O
消	O	O
耗	O	O
数	O	O
万	O	O
吨	O	O
茶	O	O
叶	O	O
，	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
茶	O	O
馆	O	O
是	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
想	O	O
象	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

老	O	O
茶	O	O
馆	O	O
兴	O	O
的	O	O
是	O	O
“	O	O
杂	O	O
处	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
不	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
都	O	O
坐	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
起	O	O
，	O	O
龙	O	O
门	O	O
阵	O	O
大	O	O
家	O	O
摆	O	O
，	O	O
茶	O	O
钱	O	O
各	O	O
付	O	O
各	O	O
。	O	O

茶	O	O
房	O	O
不	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
脏	O	O
老	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
他	O	O
一	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
桌	O	O
子	O	O
就	O	O
算	O	O
独	O	O
占	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
再	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
坐	O	O
这	O	O
里	O	O
，	O	O
所	O	O
以	O	O
宁	O	O
愿	O	O
不	O	O
挣	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
茶	O	O
钱	O	O
。	O	O

抽	O	O
叶	O	O
子	O	O
烟	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
又	O	O
爱	O	O
吐	O	O
口	O	O
水	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
时	O	O
有	O	O
人	O	O
往	O	O
地	O	O
上	O	O
吐	O	O
一	O	O
泡	O	O
。	O	O

三	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
市	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
体	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
中	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
开	O	O
展	O	O
了	O	O
『	O	O
双	O	O
学	O	O
』	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
队	O	O
伍	O	O
素	O	O
质	O	O
有	O	O
了	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
是	O	O
始	O	O
终	O	O
坚	O	O
持	O	O
党	O	O
要	O	O
管	O	O
党	O	O
、	O	O
从	O	O
严	O	O
治	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
方	O	O
针	O	O
，	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
做	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
合	O	O
格	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
习	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
党	O	O
建	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
层	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
精	O	O
髓	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
出	O	O
发	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
亟	O	O
待	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
的	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
要	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
运	O	O
用	O	O
辩	O	O
证	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
和	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
来	O	O
观	O	O
察	O	O
、	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
和	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
地	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
中	O	O
遇	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
站	O	O
在	O	O
推	O	O
进	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
事	O	O
业	O	O
的	O	O
全	O	O
局	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
在	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
领	O	O
会	O	O
和	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
体	O	O
系	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
能	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
好	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
党	O	O
建	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
要	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
学	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
讲	O	O
，	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
认	O	O
识	O	O
到	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
仅	O	O
过	O	O
去	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
夺	O	O
取	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
胜	O	O
利	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
且	O	O
今	O	O
天	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
实	O	O
现	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
有	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
国	E-LOC	E-LOC
特	O	O
色	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
的	O	O
宏	O	O
伟	O	O
目	O	O
标	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
依	O	O
靠	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
国	I-ORG	I-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
产	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	E-ORG	E-ORG
的	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
。	O	O

邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
成	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
提	O	O
倡	O	O
把	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
同	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
和	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
增	O	O
强	O	O
党	O	O
性	O	O
锻	O	O
炼	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
客	O	O
观	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
同	O	O
时	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
改	O	O
造	O	O
主	O	O
观	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
要	O	O
组	O	O
织	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
紧	O	O
密	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
新	O	O
时	O	O
期	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
实	O	O
际	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
深	O	O
入	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
，	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
贯	O	O
彻	O	O
落	O	O
实	O	O
党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
关	O	O
于	O	O
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
的	O	O
战	O	O
略	O	O
部	O	O
署	O	O
。	O	O

党	O	O
校	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
员	O	O
都	O	O
是	O	O
各	O	O
级	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
对	O	O
高	O	O
举	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
进	O	O
一	O	O
步	O	O
把	O	O
党	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
负	O	O
有	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
责	O	O
任	O	O
，	O	O
首	O	O
先	O	O
要	O	O
带	O	O
头	O	O
学	O	O
好	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

以	O	O
江	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
民	E-PER	E-PER
同	O	O
志	O	O
为	O	O
核	O	O
心	O	O
的	O	O
党	B-ORG	B-ORG
中	I-ORG	I-ORG
央	E-ORG	E-ORG
，	O	O
紧	O	O
紧	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
住	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
更	O	O
加	O	O
刻	O	O
苦	O	O
地	O	O
学	O	O
好	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
党	O	O
建	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
，	O	O
真	O	O
正	O	O
弄	O	O
懂	O	O
弄	O	O
通	O	O
这	O	O
一	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
实	O	O
质	O	O
，	O	O
掌	O	O
握	O	O
其	O	O
基	O	O
本	O	O
的	O	O
立	O	O
场	O	O
、	O	O
观	O	O
点	O	O
、	O	O
方	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
拓	O	O
新	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
的	O	O
科	O	O
学	O	O
态	O	O
度	O	O
、	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
和	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
，	O	O
牢	O	O
牢	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
解	O	O
放	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
、	O	O
实	O	O
事	O	O
求	O	O
是	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
精	O	O
髓	O	O
。	O	O

中	B-ORG	B-ORG
直	I-ORG	I-ORG
工	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	E-ORG	E-ORG
将	O	O
对	O	O
《	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
作	O	O
出	O	O
安	O	O
排	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
部	O	O
委	O	O
集	O	O
中	O	O
一	O	O
段	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
《	O	O
纲	O	O
要	O	O
》	O	O
为	O	O
线	O	O
索	O	O
，	O	O
系	O	O
统	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
党	O	O
建	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
。	O	O

六	O	O
月	O	O
二	O	O
十	O	O
四	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
组	I-ORG	I-ORG
织	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
传	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
政	I-ORG	I-ORG
策	I-ORG	I-ORG
研	I-ORG	I-ORG
究	I-ORG	I-ORG
室	E-ORG	E-ORG
、	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
央	I-ORG	I-ORG
党	I-ORG	I-ORG
校	E-ORG	E-ORG
联	O	O
合	O	O
召	O	O
开	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
党	O	O
的	O	O
建	O	O
设	O	O
理	O	O
论	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
。	O	O

四	O	O
月	O	O
份	O	O
我	O	O
收	O	O
到	O	O
包	O	O
裹	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
取	O	O
回	O	O
包	O	O
裹	O	O
打	O	O
开	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
包	O	O
装	O	O
不	O	O
整	O	O
的	O	O
旧	O	O
纸	O	O
箱	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
装	O	O
十	O	O
一	O	O
只	O	O
塑	O	O
料	O	O
小	O	O
赛	O	O
车	O	O
及	O	O
几	O	O
样	O	O
其	O	O
他	O	O
东	O	O
西	O	O
，	O	O
多	O	O
是	O	O
废	O	O
物	O	O
。	O	O

希	O	O
望	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
此	O	O
事	O	O
并	O	O
予	O	O
以	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
。	O	O

路	O	O
南	O	O
的	O	O
春	B-LOC	O
都	I-LOC	O
综	I-LOC	O
合	I-LOC	O
市	I-LOC	O
场	E-LOC	O
，	O	O
于	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
9	O	O
7	O	O
年	O	O
3	O	O
月	O	O
开	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
曾	O	O
经	O	O
红	O	O
火	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
阵	O	O
。	O	O

河	B-LOC	B-LOC
南	E-LOC	E-LOC
洛	B-LOC	B-LOC
阳	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
春	B-LOC	O
都	I-LOC	O
路	E-LOC	O
（	O	O
原	O	O
名	O	O
道	B-LOC	O
北	I-LOC	O
路	E-LOC	O
）	O	O
中	O	O
段	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
有	O	O
不	O	O
足	O	O
4	O	O
万	O	O
居	O	O
民	O	O
，	O	O
建	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
菜	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
就	O	O
可	O	O
满	O	O
足	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
。	O	O

塔	B-LOC	B-PER
里	I-LOC	I-PER
木	I-LOC	I-PER
马	I-LOC	E-PER
鹿	I-LOC	O
养	I-LOC	O
殖	I-LOC	O
基	I-LOC	O
地	E-LOC	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
新	B-ORG	B-ORG
疆	I-ORG	I-ORG
建	I-ORG	I-ORG
设	I-ORG	I-ORG
兵	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	E-ORG
农	I-ORG	O
二	I-ORG	O
师	E-ORG	O
，	O	O
今	O	O
年	O	O
马	O	O
鹿	O	O
超	O	O
过	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
2	O	O
万	O	O
头	O	O
，	O	O
鹿	O	O
茸	O	O
产	O	O
量	O	O
达	O	O
到	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
吨	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
且	O	O
茸	O	O
质	O	O
一	O	O
级	O	O
品	O	O
率	O	O
较	O	O
高	O	O
。	O	O

呼	O	O
吁	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
尽	O	O
快	O	O
制	O	O
止	O	O
加	O	O
油	O	O
站	O	O
占	O	O
街	O	O
道	O	O
加	O	O
油	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
象	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
2	O	O
月	O	O
下	O	O
旬	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
场	O	O
罕	O	O
见	O	O
的	O	O
暴	O	O
风	O	O
雨	O	O
把	O	O
瓜	O	O
藤	O	O
刮	O	O
得	O	O
七	O	O
零	O	O
八	O	O
落	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
娘	O	O
看	O	O
着	O	O
满	O	O
地	O	O
的	O	O
瓜	O	O
藤	O	O
伤	O	O
心	O	O
地	O	O
哭	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
今	O	O
，	O	O
大	O	O
娘	O	O
虽	O	O
已	O	O
九	O	O
十	O	O
高	O	O
龄	O	O
，	O	O
依	O	O
然	O	O
步	O	O
履	O	O
稳	O	O
健	O	O
。	O	O

等	O	O
大	O	O
娘	O	O
安	O	O
静	O	O
入	O	O
睡	O	O
，	O	O
东	O	O
方	O	O
已	O	O
露	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
鱼	O	O
肚	O	O
白	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
又	O	O
把	O	O
污	O	O
物	O	O
清	O	O
理	O	O
掉	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
铺	O	O
盖	O	O
洗	O	O
了	O	O
晾	O	O
好	O	O
。	O	O

排	O	O
长	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
凯	E-PER	E-PER
回	O	O
乡	O	O
探	O	O
亲	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
偶	O	O
然	O	O
的	O	O
机	O	O
会	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
村	O	O
里	O	O
的	O	O
老	O	O
郎	O	O
中	O	O
说	O	O
他	O	O
弄	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
瓶	O	O
专	O	O
治	O	O
关	O	O
节	O	O
炎	O	O
的	O	O
药	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
高	O	O
兴	O	O
极	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
左	O	O
磨	O	O
右	O	O
缠	O	O
终	O	O
于	O	O
说	O	O
动	O	O
了	O	O
老	O	O
郎	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
亲	O	O
假	O	O
期	O	O
未	O	O
满	O	O
就	O	O
带	O	O
着	O	O
药	O	O
酒	O	O
回	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
部	O	O
队	O	O
，	O	O
匆	O	O
匆	O	O
来	O	O
到	O	O
李	S-PER	S-PER
大	O	O
娘	O	O
住	O	O
所	O	O
。	O	O

战	O	O
士	O	O
们	O	O
离	O	O
开	O	O
时	O	O
，	O	O
看	O	O
到	O	O
大	O	O
娘	O	O
门	O	O
外	O	O
贴	O	O
着	O	O
一	O	O
张	O	O
土	O	O
地	O	O
征	O	O
用	O	O
启	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
才	O	O
明	O	O
白	O	O
是	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
回	O	O
事	O	O
。	O	O

整	O	O
顿	O	O
眼	O	O
镜	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
，	O	O
打	O	O
击	O	O
假	O	O
冒	O	O
伪	O	O
劣	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
迫	O	O
在	O	O
眉	O	O
睫	O	O
。	O	O

有	O	O
的	O	O
眼	O	O
镜	O	O
店	O	O
老	O	O
板	O	O
，	O	O
柜	O	O
台	O	O
前	O	O
是	O	O
经	O	O
营	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
柜	O	O
台	O	O
后	O	O
是	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
者	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
使	O	O
用	O	O
酒	O	O
瓶	O	O
底	O	O
、	O	O
透	O	O
明	O	O
塑	O	O
料	O	O
、	O	O
门	O	O
窗	O	O
平	O	O
板	O	O
玻	O	O
璃	O	O
磨	O	O
制	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
成	O	O
带	O	O
色	O	O
或	O	O
变	O	O
色	O	O
镜	O	O
片	O	O
出	O	O
售	O	O
。	O	O

眼	O	O
镜	O	O
作	O	O
为	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
特	O	O
殊	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
加	O	O
工	O	O
配	O	O
制	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
很	O	O
高	O	O
的	O	O
工	O	O
艺	O	O
和	O	O
很	O	O
强	O	O
的	O	O
操	O	O
作	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
，	O	O
处	O	O
于	O	O
城	O	O
乡	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
县	O	O
城	O	O
，	O	O
很	O	O
难	O	O
具	O	O
备	O	O
上	O	O
述	O	O
条	O	O
件	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
果	O	O
不	O	O
对	O	O
虚	O	O
假	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
认	O	O
真	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
治	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
任	O	O
其	O	O
泛	O	O
滥	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
建	O	O
立	O	O
规	O	O
范	O	O
、	O	O
有	O	O
序	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
秩	O	O
序	O	O
。	O	O

消	O	O
费	O	O
者	O	O
一	O	O
旦	O	O
依	O	O
据	O	O
广	O	O
告	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
，	O	O
选	O	O
购	O	O
了	O	O
某	O	O
种	O	O
商	O	O
品	O	O
，	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
苦	O	O
于	O	O
投	O	O
诉	O	O
无	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
投	O	O
诉	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
被	O	O
官	O	O
司	O	O
拖	O	O
得	O	O
精	O	O
疲	O	O
力	O	O
尽	O	O
，	O	O
苦	O	O
不	O	O
堪	O	O
言	O	O
。	O	O

到	O	O
头	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
对	O	O
你	O	O
的	O	O
想	O	O
法	O	O
、	O	O
号	O	O
召	O	O
、	O	O
指	O	O
示	O	O
也	O	O
会	O	O
冷	O	O
淡	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
使	O	O
你	O	O
也	O	O
感	O	O
到	O	O
政	O	O
令	O	O
难	O	O
行	O	O
，	O	O
事	O	O
情	O	O
难	O	O
办	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
经	O	O
常	O	O
看	O	O
“	O	O
答	O	O
复	O	O
反	O	O
应	O	O
”	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
栏	O	O
目	O	O
，	O	O
给	O	O
我	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
是	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
单	O	O
位	O	O
做	O	O
到	O	O
对	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
意	O	O
见	O	O
有	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
回	O	O
音	O	O
”	O	O
并	O	O
不	O	O
难	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
具	O	O
体	O	O
工	O	O
作	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
们	O	O
注	O	O
意	O	O
把	O	O
握	O	O
好	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
结	O	O
合	O	O
：	O	O

第	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
分	O	O
“	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
评	O	O
点	O	O
原	O	O
文	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
选	O	O
自	O	O
公	O	O
开	O	O
出	O	O
版	O	O
的	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
有	O	O
关	O	O
选	O	O
集	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
集	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
稿	O	O
、	O	O
书	O	O
信	O	O
、	O	O
诗	O	O
词	O	O
、	O	O
文	O	O
史	O	O
古	O	O
籍	O	O
批	O	O
注	O	O
，	O	O
以	O	O
及	O	O
各	O	O
界	O	O
人	O	O
士	O	O
回	O	O
忆	O	O
和	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
的	O	O
著	O	O
作	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
这	O	O
部	O	O
书	O	O
中	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
评	O	O
点	O	O
的	O	O
一	O	O
百	O	O
零	O	O
八	O	O
位	O	O
古	O	O
今	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
按	O	O
出	O	O
生	O	O
先	O	O
后	O	O
排	O	O
列	O	O
起	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
部	O	O
用	O	O
唯	O	O
物	O	O
史	O	O
观	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
编	O	O
写	O	O
的	O	O
中	B-LOC	B-LOC
华	E-LOC	E-LOC
民	O	O
族	O	O
五	O	O
千	O	O
年	O	O
简	O	O
史	O	O
，	O	O
生	O	O
动	O	O
地	O	O
展	O	O
现	O	O
了	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
渊	O	O
博	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
敏	O	O
锐	O	O
的	O	O
洞	O	O
察	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
把	O	O
毛	B-PER	B-PER
泽	I-PER	I-PER
东	E-PER	E-PER
作	O	O
为	O	O
“	O	O
通	O	O
古	O	O
今	O	O
之	O	O
变	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
史	O	O
学	O	O
家	O	O
来	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
者	O	O
还	O	O
为	O	O
数	O	O
不	O	O
多	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
日	O	O
前	O	O
中	B-ORG	B-ORG
共	I-ORG	I-ORG
北	I-ORG	I-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	I-ORG
宣	I-ORG	I-ORG
传	I-ORG	I-ORG
部	I-ORG	I-ORG
暨	I-ORG	I-ORG
市	I-ORG	I-ORG
委	I-ORG	E-ORG
讲	I-ORG	O
师	I-ORG	O
团	E-ORG	O
举	O	O
行	O	O
的	O	O
“	O	O
灵	B-LOC	B-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
杯	O	O
”	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
者	O	O
座	O	O
谈	O	O
会	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
获	O	O
奖	O	O
代	O	O
表	O	O
表	O	O
示	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
更	O	O
高	O	O
地	O	O
举	O	O
起	O	O
邓	B-PER	B-PER
小	I-PER	I-PER
平	E-PER	E-PER
理	O	O
论	O	O
的	O	O
伟	O	O
大	O	O
旗	O	O
帜	O	O
，	O	O
努	O	O
力	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
口	O	O
头	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
水	O	O
平	O	O
，	O	O
发	O	O
挥	O	O
其	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
、	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
、	O	O
激	O	O
励	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
，	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
出	O	O
更	O	O
多	O	O
的	O	O
宣	O	O
传	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
精	O	O
品	O	O
。	O	O

八	O	O
年	O	O
来	O	O
北	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
以	O	B-LOC
灵	B-LOC	I-LOC
山	E-LOC	E-LOC
命	O	O
名	O	O
的	O	O
评	O	O
选	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
共	O	O
评	O	O
出	O	O
优	O	O
秀	O	O
报	O	O
告	O	O
、	O	O
党	O	O
课	O	O
、	O	O
演	O	O
讲	O	O
四	O	O
百	O	O
一	O	O
十	O	O
七	O	O
项	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
迫	O	O
切	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
国	O	O
有	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
减	O	O
少	O	O
冗	O	O
员	O	O
。	O	O

要	O	O
解	O	O
开	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
思	O	O
想	O	O
疙	O	O
瘩	O	O
，	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
对	O	O
下	O	O
岗	O	O
分	O	O
流	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
的	O	O
、	O	O
全	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
分	O	O
析	O	O
。	O	O

我	O	O
们	O	O
北	B-ORG	B-ORG
京	I-ORG	I-ORG
城	I-ORG	I-ORG
建	I-ORG	I-ORG
集	I-ORG	I-ORG
团	I-ORG	I-ORG
一	I-ORG	I-ORG
公	I-ORG	I-ORG
司	E-ORG	E-ORG
是	O	O
1	O	O
9	O	O
8	O	O
3	O	O
年	O	O
由	O	O
基	O	O
建	O	O
工	O	O
程	O	O
兵	O	O
集	O	O
体	O	O
转	O	O
业	O	O
组	O	O
建	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

道	O	O
理	O	O
很	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
，	O	O
谁	O	O
让	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
是	O	O
共	O	O
产	O	O
党	O	O
员	O	O
呢	O	O
？	O	O

当	O	O
然	O	O
，	O	O
说	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
小	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
绝	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
反	O	O
对	O	O
和	O	O
剥	O	O
夺	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
有	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
毫	O	O
无	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
生	O	O
活	O	O
是	O	O
枯	O	O
燥	O	O
无	O	O
味	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
时	O	O
间	O	O
、	O	O
精	O	O
力	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
有	O	O
限	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
多	O	O
了	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
那	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
必	O	O
然	O	O
就	O	O
投	O	O
入	O	O
得	O	O
少	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
健	O	O
康	O	O
、	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
向	O	O
上	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
能	O	O
够	O	O
陶	O	O
冶	O	O
情	O	O
操	O	O
，	O	O
充	O	O
实	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
提	O	O
高	O	O
境	O	O
界	O	O
；	O	O
另	O	O
一	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
，	O	O
要	O	O
摆	O	O
正	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
位	O	O
置	O	O
。	O	O

假	O	O
如	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
忘	O	O
却	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
所	O	O
不	O	O
顾	O	O
，	O	O
玩	O	O
劲	O	O
十	O	O
足	O	O
，	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
就	O	O
会	O	O
在	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
中	O	O
形	O	O
成	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
『	O	O
公	O	O
子	O	O
哥	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
印	O	O
象	O	O
，	O	O
口	O	O
碑	O	O
能	O	O
好	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
吗	O	O
？	O	O

小	O	O
事	O	O
与	O	O
大	O	O
事	O	O
总	O	O
是	O	O
相	O	O
对	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
且	O	O
是	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
转	O	O
化	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

还	O	O
有	O	O
那	O	O
么	O	O
一	O	O
些	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
不	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
『	O	O
帮	O	O
倒	O	O
忙	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
是	O	O
个	O	O
别	O	O
心	O	O
术	O	O
不	O	O
正	O	O
之	O	O
徒	O	O
，	O	O
千	O	O
方	O	O
百	O	O
计	O	O
打	O	O
探	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
投	O	O
其	O	O
所	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
更	O	O
值	O	O
得	O	O
警	O	O
惕	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

而	O	O
对	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
而	O	O
言	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
使	O	O
本	O	O
人	O	O
想	O	O
简	O	O
单	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
但	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
为	O	O
表	O	O
『	O	O
心	O	O
意	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
要	O	O
在	O	O
怎	O	O
么	O	O
搞	O	O
得	O	O
丰	O	O
盛	O	O
一	O	O
点	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
上	O	O
『	O	O
五	O	O
粮	O	O
液	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
还	O	O
是	O	O
『	O	O
人	O	O
头	O	O
马	O	O
』	O	O
上	O	O
动	O	O
一	O	O
番	O	O
脑	O	O
筋	O	O
。	O	O

兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
如	O	O
果	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
限	O	O
制	O	O
在	O	O
纯	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
的	O	O
领	O	O
域	O	O
，	O	O
倒	O	O
也	O	O
罢	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
喜	O	O
欢	O	O
喝	O	O
酒	O	O
，	O	O
他	O	O
手	O	O
下	O	O
有	O	O
几	O	O
个	O	O
『	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
伶	E-PER	I-PER
』	O	E-PER
、	O	O
『	O	O
李	B-PER	O
白	E-PER	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
就	O	O
确	O	O
定	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
了	O	O
。	O	O

一	O	O
个	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
群	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
往	O	O
往	O	O
能	O	O
从	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
中	O	O
找	O	O
到	O	O
影	O	O
子	O	O
和	O	O
渊	O	O
源	O	O
。	O	O

『	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
所	O	O
好	O	O
，	O	O
下	O	O
必	O	O
甚	O	O
焉	O	O
』	O	O
，	O	O
『	O	O
楚	S-LOC	O
王	O	O
好	O	O
细	O	O
腰	O	O
，	O	O
宫	O	O
中	O	O
多	O	O
饿	O	O
死	O	O
』	O	O
这	O	O
些	O	O
古	O	O
老	O	O
的	O	O
说	O	O
法	O	O
，	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
地	O	O
道	O	O
出	O	O
了	O	O
『	O	O
上	O	O
面	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
对	O	O
『	O	O
下	O	O
面	O	O
』	O	O
的	O	O
导	O	O
向	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
。	O	O

说	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
兴	O	O
趣	O	O
爱	O	O
好	O	O
不	O	O
是	O	O
小	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
是	O	O
鉴	O	O
于	O	O
领	O	O
导	O	O
干	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
身	O	O
分	O	O
、	O	O
作	O	O
用	O	O
和	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

尤	O	O
其	O	O
是	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
主	O	O
义	O	O
初	O	O
级	O	O
阶	O	O
段	O	O
的	O	O
我	O	O
国	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
正	O	O
在	O	O
兴	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
达	O	O
国	O	O
家	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
相	O	O
当	O	O
大	O	O
的	O	O
差	O	O
距	O	O
，	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
还	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
切	O	O
身	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
它	O	O
的	O	O
巨	O	O
大	O	O
影	O	O
响	O	O
和	O	O
威	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

那	O	O
种	O	O
把	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
视	O	O
为	O	O
单	O	O
纯	O	O
继	O	O
承	O	O
性	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
的	O	O
观	O	O
念	O	O
，	O	O
已	O	O
经	O	O
不	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
符	O	O
合	O	O
未	O	O
来	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
；	O	O
代	O	O
之	O	O
而	O	O
起	O	O
的	O	O
则	O	O
是	O	O
需	O	O
要	O	O
特	O	O
别	O	O
注	O	O
重	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
活	O	O
动	O	O
的	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
着	O	O
力	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
和	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
，	O	O
培	O	O
养	O	O
研	O	O
究	O	O
新	O	O
情	O	O
况	O	O
、	O	O
解	O	O
决	O	O
新	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
、	O	O
开	O	O
创	O	O
新	O	O
局	O	O
面	O	O
的	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
。	O	O

对	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
我	O	O
们	O	O
必	O	O
须	O	O
未	O	O
雨	O	O
绸	O	O
缪	O	O
、	O	O
密	O	O
切	O	O
关	O	O
注	O	O
，	O	O
并	O	O
做	O	O
出	O	O
积	O	O
极	O	O
回	O	O
应	O	O
。	O	O

然	O	O
而	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
容	O	O
忽	O	O
视	O	O
的	O	O
现	O	O
实	O	O
问	O	O
题	O	O
是	O	O
：	O	O
许	O	O
多	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
学	O	O
习	O	O
意	O	O
识	O	O
和	O	O
接	O	O
受	O	O
教	O	O
育	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
觉	O	O
性	O	O
，	O	O
同	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
的	O	O
要	O	O
求	O	O
还	O	O
很	O	O
不	O	O
适	O	O
应	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
甚	O	O
至	O	O
闭	O	O
目	O	O
塞	O	O
听	O	O
，	O	O
固	O	O
步	O	O
自	O	O
封	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
新	O	O
形	O	O
势	O	O
面	O	O
前	O	O
麻	O	O
木	O	O
不	O	O
仁	O	O
，	O	O
茫	O	O
然	O	O
无	O	O
措	O	O
。	O	O

在	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
经	O	O
济	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
，	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
科	O	O
技	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
展	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
将	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
更	O	O
新	O	O
的	O	O
速	O	O
度	O	O
将	O	O
加	O	O
快	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
到	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
革	O	O
命	O	O
的	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
将	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
，	O	O
技	O	O
术	O	O
产	O	O
品	O	O
的	O	O
市	O	O
场	O	O
生	O	O
命	O	O
周	O	O
期	O	O
将	O	O
缩	O	O
短	O	O
。	O	O

当	O	O
前	O	O
，	O	O
“	O	O
经	B-ORG	O
济	I-ORG	O
合	I-ORG	O
作	I-ORG	O
与	I-ORG	O
发	I-ORG	O
展	I-ORG	O
组	I-ORG	O
织	E-ORG	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
成	O	O
员	O	O
国	O	O
国	O	O
内	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
总	O	O
值	O	O
的	O	O
5	O	O
0	O	O
％	O	O
以	O	O
上	O	O
是	O	O
由	O	O
以	O	O
知	O	O
识	O	O
为	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
的	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
便	O	O
是	O	O
明	O	O
证	O	O
。	O	O

根	O	O
据	O	O
人	O	B-ORG
民	O	I-ORG
银	O	I-ORG
行	O	E-ORG
的	O	O
最	O	O
新	O	O
规	O	O
定	O	O
，	O	O
个	O	O
人	O	O
住	O	O
房	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
的	O	O
发	O	O
放	O	O
对	O	O
象	O	O
是	O	O
具	O	O
有	O	O
完	O	O
全	O	O
民	O	O
事	O	O
行	O	O
为	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
的	O	O
自	O	O
然	O	O
人	O	O
，	O	O
即	O	O
年	O	O
满	O	O
1	O	O
8	O	O
周	O	O
岁	O	O
的	O	O
公	O	O
民	O	O
。	O	O

7	O	O
月	O	O
1	O	O
日	O	O
，	O	O
央	B-ORG	O
行	E-ORG	O
再	O	O
度	O	O
实	O	O
施	O	O
降	O	O
息	O	O
政	O	O
策	O	O
。	O	O

现	O	O
在	O	O
几	O	O
乎	O	O
人	O	O
人	O	O
都	O	O
知	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
有	O	O
关	O	O
地	O	O
方	O	O
政	O	O
府	O	O
或	O	O
行	O	O
业	O	O
管	O	O
理	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
，	O	O
决	O	O
不	O	O
会	O	O
眼	O	O
看	O	O
壳	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
长	O	O
期	O	O
失	O	O
去	O	O
配	O	O
股	O	O
资	O	O
格	O	O
而	O	O
坐	O	O
视	O	O
不	O	O
理	O	O
，	O	O
壳	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
，	O	O
垃	O	O
圾	O	O
变	O	O
黄	O	O
金	O	O
是	O	O
迟	O	O
早	O	O
的	O	O
事	O	O
，	O	O
买	O	O
绩	O	O
差	O	O
股	O	O
成	O	O
了	O	O
一	O	O
大	O	O
热	O	O
门	O	O
。	O	O

今	O	O
年	O	O
年	O	O
报	O	O
一	O	O
出	O	O
来	O	O
，	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
好	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
价	O	O
跌	O	O
，	O	O
业	O	O
绩	O	O
差	O	O
的	O	O
股	O	O
价	O	O
反	O	O
涨	O	O
，	O	O
就	O	O
是	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
差	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
有	O	O
“	O	O
重	O	O
组	O	O
”	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
，	O	O
股	O	O
价	O	O
会	O	O
突	O	O
发	O	O
性	O	O
飙	O	O
升	O	O
，	O	O
而	O	O
吸	O	O
引	O	O
了	O	O
大	O	O
量	O	O
买	O	O
盘	O	O
。	O	O

如	O	O
某	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
大	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
其	O	O
4	O	O
家	O	O
子	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
的	O	O
不	O	O
良	O	O
资	O	O
产	O	O
，	O	O
账	O	O
面	O	O
价	O	O
值	O	O
仅	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
，	O	O
收	O	O
购	O	O
价	O	O
高	O	O
达	O	O
8	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
；	O	O
又	O	O
如	O	O
南	B-LOC	B-LOC
京	E-LOC	E-LOC
某	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
条	O	O
公	O	O
司	O	O
自	O	O
己	O	O
承	O	O
认	O	O
“	O	O
盈	O	O
利	O	O
能	O	O
力	O	O
较	O	O
差	O	O
，	O	O
短	O	O
期	O	O
内	O	O
没	O	O
有	O	O
复	O	O
苏	O	O
迹	O	O
象	O	O
”	O	O
的	O	O
黏	O	O
胶	O	O
生	O	O
产	O	O
线	O	O
卖	O	O
给	O	O
大	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
得	O	O
了	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
1	O	O
6	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
从	O	O
大	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
手	O	O
上	O	O
买	O	O
下	O	O
一	O	O
家	O	O
年	O	O
创	O	O
利	O	O
4	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
0	O	O
多	O	O
万	O	O
元	O	O
的	O	O
优	O	O
势	O	O
企	O	O
业	O	O
5	O	O
5	O	O
％	O	O
股	O	O
权	O	O
，	O	O
也	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
1	O	O
．	O	O
1	O	O
5	O	O
亿	O	O
元	O	O
，	O	O
优	O	O
劣	O	O
等	O	O
价	O	O
，	O	O
明	O	O
眼	O	O
人	O	O
一	O	O
看	O	O
就	O	O
知	O	O
，	O	O
只	O	O
不	O	O
过	O	O
是	O	O
要	O	O
凑	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
大	O	O
致	O	O
相	O	O
等	O	O
的	O	O
金	O	O
额	O	O
。	O	O

正	O	O
因	O	O
为	O	O
买	O	O
壳	O	O
是	O	O
场	O	O
外	O	O
协	O	O
议	O	O
转	O	O
让	O	O
，	O	O
整	O	O
个	O	O
买	O	O
壳	O	O
过	O	O
程	O	O
自	O	O
始	O	O
至	O	O
终	O	O
处	O	O
在	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
“	O	O
黑	O	O
箱	O	O
子	O	O
”	O	O
中	O	O
，	O	O
公	O	O
众	O	O
股	O	O
东	O	O
无	O	O
法	O	O
得	O	O
知	O	O
内	O	O
情	O	O
，	O	O
存	O	O
在	O	O
着	O	O
内	O	O
幕	O	O
交	O	O
易	O	O
的	O	O
种	O	O
种	O	O
可	O	O
能	O	O
。	O	O

随	O	O
着	O	O
利	O	O
率	O	O
再	O	O
次	O	O
下	O	O
降	O	O
，	O	O
减	O	O
轻	O	O
了	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
者	O	O
的	O	O
利	O	O
息	O	O
负	O	O
担	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
购	O	O
房	O	O
时	O	O
可	O	O
以	O	O
选	O	O
择	O	O
1	O	O
0	O	O
—	O	O
2	O	O
0	O	O
年	O	O
期	O	O
的	O	O
贷	O	O
款	O	O
。	O	O

据	O	O
悉	O	O
，	O	O
《	O	O
作	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
故	O	O
事	O	O
》	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
影	O	O
视	O	O
界	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
的	O	O
指	O	O
导	O	O
下	O	O
创	O	O
作	O	O
完	O	O
成	O	O
的	O	O
。	O	O

与	O	O
会	O	O
专	O	O
家	O	O
认	O	O
为	O	O
，	O	O
该	O	O
剧	O	O
视	O	O
角	O	O
独	O	O
特	O	O
，	O	O
内	O	O
涵	O	O
丰	O	O
厚	O	O
，	O	O
在	O	O
雅	O	O
俗	O	O
共	O	O
赏	O	O
的	O	O
基	O	O
础	O	O
上	O	O
，	O	O
探	O	O
求	O	O
各	O	O
种	O	O
曲	O	O
折	O	O
微	O	O
妙	O	O
的	O	O
人	O	O
生	O	O
滋	O	O
味	O	O
。	O	O

●	O	O
机	O	O
制	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
制	O	O
作	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
节	O	O
目	O	O
也	O	O
是	O	O
一	O	O
项	O	O
产	O	O
业	O	O

编	O	O
采	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
怀	O	O
着	O	O
爱	O	O
心	O	O
拍	O	O
摄	O	O
的	O	O
电	O	O
视	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
总	O	O
能	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
广	O	O
大	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
共	O	O
鸣	O	O
。	O	O

成	B-LOC	B-LOC
都	I-LOC	I-LOC
市	E-LOC	E-LOC
公	O	O
安	O	O
部	O	O
门	O	O
两	O	O
位	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
为	O	O
把	O	O
两	O	O
个	O	O
迷	O	O
失	O	O
归	O	O
途	O	O
的	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
送	O	O
回	O	O
家	O	O
，	O	O
不	O	O
辞	O	O
千	O	O
里	O	O
奔	O	O
波	O	O
，	O	O
编	O	O
采	O	O
人	O	O
员	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
跟	O	O
踪	O	O
报	O	O
道	O	O
，	O	O
一	O	O
面	O	O
协	O	O
助	O	O
民	O	O
警	O	O
千	O	O
辛	O	O
万	O	O
苦	O	O
把	O	O
儿	O	O
童	O	O
送	O	O
到	O	O
了	O	O
家	O	O
。	O	O

建	O	O
设	O	O
现	O	O
代	O	O
文	O	O
明	O	O
的	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
家	O	O
园	O	O
如	O	O
何	O	O
使	O	O
这	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
可	O	O
或	O	O
缺	O	O
的	O	O
社	O	O
会	O	O
群	O	O
体	O	O
担	O	O
当	O	O
起	O	O
更	O	O
重	O	O
要	O	O
的	O	O
角	O	O
色	O	O
？	O	O

●	O	O
定	O	O
位	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
—	O	O
一	O	O
个	O	O
不	O	O
能	O	O
缺	O	O
少	O	O
关	O	O
怀	O	O
的	O	O
空	O	O
间	O	O

年	O	O
过	O	O
半	O	O
百	O	O
的	O	O
外	O	O
婆	O	O
用	O	O
她	O	O
全	O	O
部	O	O
的	O	O
慈	O	O
爱	O	O
托	O	O
起	O	O
外	O	O
孙	O	O
女	O	O
的	O	O
希	O	O
望	O	O
：	O	O
“	O	O
好	O	O
孩	O	O
子	O	O
，	O	O
外	O	O
婆	O	O
替	O	O
你	O	O
上	O	O
学	O	O
去	O	O
！	O	O
”	O	O

尹	B-PER	B-PER
扬	I-PER	I-PER
明	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
陈	B-PER	B-PER
国	I-PER	I-PER
邦	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
关	B-PER	B-PER
礼	I-PER	I-PER
杰	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
李	B-PER	B-PER
立	I-PER	I-PER
群	E-PER	E-PER
、	O	O
常	B-PER	O
戎	E-PER	O
、	O	O
刘	B-PER	B-PER
蓓	E-PER	E-PER
等	O	O
参	O	O
加	O	O
该	O	O
剧	O	O
演	O	O
出	O	O
。	O	O

该	O	O
剧	O	O
在	O	O
挖	O	O
掘	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
至	O	O
诚	O	O
至	O	O
真	O	O
，	O	O
至	O	O
亲	O	O
至	O	O
爱	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
方	O	O
面	O	O
下	O	O
了	O	O
功	O	O
夫	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
去	O	O
体	O	O
味	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
情	O	O
感	O	O
世	O	O
界	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
真	O	O
情	O	O
去	O	O
讴	O	O
歌	O	O
英	O	O
模	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
奉	O	O
献	O	O
精	O	O
神	O	O
，	O	O
用	O	O
平	O	O
易	O	O
近	O	O
人	O	O
的	O	O
叙	O	O
述	O	O
风	O	O
格	O	O
去	O	O
刻	O	O
画	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
，	O	O
通	O	O
过	O	O
用	O	O
心	O	O
创	O	O
造	O	O
，	O	O
鸣	O	O
奏	O	O
出	O	O
时	O	O
代	O	O
强	O	O
音	O	O
，	O	O
引	O	O
起	O	O
观	O	O
众	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
灵	O	O
共	O	O
鸣	O	O
。	O	O

画	O	O
面	O	O
上	O	O
有	O	O
雾	O	O
凇	O	O
美	O	O
、	O	O
冰	O	B-PER
雪	O	I-PER
美	O	E-PER
、	O	O
钢	O	O
花	O	O
美	O	O
和	O	O
人	O	O
物	O	O
的	O	O
形	O	O
象	O	O
美	O	O
，	O	O
听	O	O
觉	O	O
上	O	O
能	O	O
感	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
歌	O	O
曲	O	O
美	O	S-LOC
、	O	O
乐	O	B-PER
曲	O	I-PER
美	O	E-PER
和	O	O
语	O	O
言	O	O
美	O	O
。	O	O

“	O	O
待	O	O
到	O	O
山	O	O
花	O	O
烂	O	O
漫	O	O
时	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
人	O	O
们	O	O
回	O	O
首	O	O
“	O	O
严	O	O
冬	O	O
”	O	O
，	O	O
受	O	O
到	O	O
的	O	O
鼓	O	O
舞	O	O
就	O	O
越	O	O
强	O	O
烈	O	O
。	O	O

因	O	O
此	O	O
，	O	O
村	O	O
民	O	O
进	O	O
行	O	O
民	O	O
主	O	O
选	O	O
举	O	O
的	O	O
心	O	O
态	O	O
是	O	O
在	O	O
这	O	O
样	O	O
一	O	O
种	O	O
背	O	O
景	O	O
映	O	O
衬	O	O
下	O	O
加	O	O
以	O	O
表	O	O
现	O	O
的	O	O
，	O	O
这	O	O
无	O	O
疑	O	O
给	O	O
该	O	O
片	O	O
增	O	O
添	O	O
了	O	O
几	O	O
分	O	O
厚	O	O
重	O	O
的	O	O
历	O	O
史	O	O
文	O	O
化	O	O
氛	O	O
围	O	O
。	O	O

